DevOps Engineer Engineering San Francisco, CA Mission of Role: Build software and efficient operational processes to ensure the dependability of Enview's cloud-based geospatial analytics platform. About Enview: Enview maps the world in 3D with geospatial analytics. We quantify human activity, the natural environment, and infrastructure health. Clients use insights we generate to prevent damage to power lines and pipelines, as well as to perform large-area, high-frequency urban mapping. Our tech fuses and analyzes multiple data sources, including airborne LiDAR, aerial & satellite imagery, and GIS. The Challenge: You are excited to automate a compute infrastructure that ingests petabytes of remote sensing data to benefit the safety and well-being of millions. We are scaling our operations and deployments, and we need your help to keep these revenue-critical systems running smoothly. We're looking for someone with a passion for automation to make a direct impact on our products and development culture. You Will Be responsible for the scalability, reliability, and availability of our web products Develop robust continuous deployment systems and procedures for live web deployments Create site metrics and monitoring systems that will drive our development plans Be part of on-call team to support website SLA requirements (for US corporate customers) Lead internal development infrastructure and culture with best practices in continuous integration, repository management, and containerization Support back-end analytics platform development using scalability techniques in AWS Strong Candidates Will Have: 3+ years of DevOps experience Competence and familiarity with Linux A strong background in one or more scripting languages (Bash, Python, Perl, etc.) Experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS strongly preferred) Experience with containers and container infrastructure (Docker and ECS) Experience in networking, load balancing, firewalls, and system security best practices A belief that infrastructure and configuration should be code (Ansible, Salt, Puppet, or Chef) A fierce desire to automate complex systems to increase efficiency Perks: Opportunity to play a foundational role at a well-funded startup with major client deployments and revenue Work with people like yourself—talented and thoughtful; passionate about solving challenging problems Full medical/vision/dental + 401K Office located in SoMa accessible from CalTrain, MUNI, and BART Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . TermsDevOps Engineer San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Would you like to help run the systems that Endless uses to provide our next generation operating system and applications? You will be responsible for developing and maintaining the services that our infrastructure provides. This work requires strong knowledge of Linux services and server deployment. You will interface with many teams to support their contributions to Endless’s products. Your responsibilities will include maintenance and monitoring of these services as well as the servers they run on. The Endless infrastructure services includes build and continuous integration, issue tracking, download and artifact management, identity management and authorization, and others. You will ensure that these services are highly available and deployed robustly with minimum impact to Endless employees and users. Primary Job Responsibilities Maintain service configurations Deploy and rotate services Manage employee accounts and authorizations Stay current with emerging deployment and orchestration technologies Minimum Qualifications BS in Computer Science (or equivalent) Strong problem solving and analytical skills Experience with server deployment and configuration tools such as Ansible Proven experience with Linux environments Knowledge of configuration management tools such as Git and Jenkins Strong development skills in high level programming languages such as Python Ability to troubleshoot and debug server applicationsUnderstanding of Linux networking and remote process communications Ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with other top-tier engineers all over the world Desire to make a difference in the developing world Preferred Qualifications Management of AWS EC2 instances Experience with server monitoring systems such as Nagios Development of Docker containersKnowledge of DNS resolution and management of DNS zones Experience with VPN managementAbility to operate and maintain LDAP systems Understanding of software release management Experience creating secure systems and verifying their robustness Experience with OSTree systems and repository management Ability to clearly explain concepts and problems to employees and clients in non-technical terms Experience with Debian package management For more about the Endless mission, product and team, visit our website at https://endlessos.com/ . Endless is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity at Endless and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, veteran status, marital status or disability status. Apply for this job Endless Home Page Jobs powered bySkip to Job Description , Search Close           Find Jobs Company Reviews Find Salaries Find Resumes Employers / Post Job         Upload your resume    Sign in         :         What  Where       Advanced Job Search                 job title, keywords or company    city, state, or zip              REMOTE - DevOps Engineer (USC/GC only)   Endure Technology Solutions - San Francisco, CA   Contract     Job Summary DevOps Engineer Client Locations: San Francisco, CA/ Dallas, TX Candidates have to be based out of either San Francisco, CA or Dallas, TX as they have to be onsite once a week; otherwise can work remotely Duration: 6+ months contract Responsibilities: Work closely with the engineering and product management teams. Troubleshoot site outages and performance issues, including on-call response Manage continuous integration environment Automate, Implement, administer and maintain databases, local and cloud-based servers including provisioning, backups and restores, upgrades, and monitoring. Ensure product applications are Ops ready (logging, monitoring, packaging, HA, etc.) Load and Performance testing applications and services Assist in developing standards and procedures for packaging, deploying and automating software release Ensure security of the production infrastructure, systems and applications. Required Skills/Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent industry experience 5+ years Linux System Administration 3+ years coding/scripting experience (Python, Ruby, Bash, or Perl) 2+ years supporting the software development process Experience working with geographically diverse teams and locations including China, UK Experience in a fast-paced start up environment where IT solutions are critical to business success. Strong experience with DevOps technologies, cloud-based provisioning, monitoring, and troubleshooting Deep understanding of AWS, Docker and Kubernetes. Configuration Management (Terraform, Puppet or Chef, Ansible, etc.) Incident Management Experience building a DevOps organization from scratch Create a Continuous Integration pipeline using associated tools such as Go.CD or Jenkins Experience with Agile software development practices Familiarity with common open source technologies and tools Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience designing and maintaining a cloud based highly-available (HA) service-oriented-architecture (SOA). Regards, Melanie Da Costa Recruiting Manager Endure Technology Solutions Ph: 703-662-6008 Job Type: Contract   6 days ago  - save job           » Apply Now  Please review all application instructions before applying to Endure Technology Solutions.        Other jobs you may like    DevOps Engineer   OpenGov - San Francisco, CA  2 days ago    DevOps Engineer   CivilMaps - San Francisco, CA  14 hours ago   Easily apply     DevOps Engineer   Toptal LLC - San Francisco, CA  We Work Remotely - 9 days ago    DevOps Engineer   Podomatic - San Francisco, CA  We Work Remotely - 15 days ago    Splunk Admin, Splunk Developer   Excelgens Inc. - Reston, VA  2 days ago   Easily apply               Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload Your Resume            About - Help Center    ©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms    Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume          DevOps Engineer San Francisco Technology Full-time Apply for this job Come drive the transformation of financial services, solve big problems and make a meaningful difference in people’s lives. Join the Upgrade team, the same team that built Lending Club and is now set to innovate again. Upgrade is combining a marketplace lending approach with credit monitoring and credit education features designed to be even more helpful to more people. The company is still at an early stage; this is your opportunity to join early and have a significant impact.  Come join a team of just over 100 talented and passionate fintech engineers, product, credit, finance, legal, compliance, operations and marketing professionals.  We are looking for new team members who get excited about constantly learning, and always seeking to design and implement new and better solutions. Responsibilities: Build and maintain a resilient, secure, and efficient cloud based platform to meet established SLAs Automate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response Monitor site stability and performance and troubleshoot site issues Scale infrastructure to meet rapidly increasing demand Manage cross-functional requirements working with Engineering, Product, Services, and other departments. Collaborate with developers to bring new features and services into production Develop and improve operational practices and procedures Proactively meet standards for information security and compliance, such as ISO, SOX, SSAE 16, etc. Skills: 3-5 years in AWS 5-7 years in Linux administration Advanced using configuration management tool - Chef and command execution frameworks. Strong understanding of system and networking concepts and troubleshooting techniques. In depth knowledge of AWS services and prior experience in developing Hands on experience in AWS provisioning. Advance experience in AWS Architecture and Services (prior experience required) Ability to design high availability applications on AWS across availability zones and availability regions. Ability to design applications on AWS taking advantage of disaster recovery design guidelines. Knowledge of application deployment and data migration on AWS. Prior experience in automated build pipeline, continuous integration and continuous deployment (Jenkins or similar) Knowledge of monitoring, logging and cost management tools that integrate with AWS. Ability to operate in an agile, entrepreneurial start-up environment. AWS certification is a plus Benefits/Perks: Great OPEN office location! Conveniently located in San Francisco Financial District Close to BART and Public Transportation Comprehensive benefits package: Medical, dental, & vision Unlimited vacation policy Kitchen stocked with beverages, snacks & treats Weekly & monthly social gatherings / happy hours We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status Apply for this job Upgrade Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Chargify  (View all jobs)  San Antonio    We're looking for special individuals to join the Chargify mission and serve customers on our operations engineering team.   You’ll be joining the team focused 100% on security, reliability, performance, and internal tooling.   This means backend-heavy work. Diagnosing hard problems, monitoring activity, building custom solutions, and delivering internal value.  Who Are We?  Chargify manages all parts of the revenue lifecycle for subscription and recurring revenue businesses.   The revenue lifecycle includes things like complex recurring billing, retention around failed/delinquent credit card payments, business analytics, and customer service tools for revenue operations. Think of Chargify as the operating system for subscription/recurring revenue businesses.  Since 2009, we have delighted thousands of merchants with our ease of use, customer service, and reliability.  Chargify’s culture is one of our secret weapons; check out our core values at https://www.chargify.com/blog/core-values/.  Our team is engaged, curious, funny, inclusive, thoughtful, smart and reliable.  You can expect to work on the following types of projects:   Refining  internal tools that help to coordinate and manage all our applications  Automating more of our AWS infrastructure  Building a workflow for helping other devs get up to speed with our environment  Helping to to test and launch our Docker cluster (Kubernetes anyone?)   Important credentials:   Extreme thirst to learn  3-5  years software development experience  Knowledge of Linux system administration  We're a payment processing company, so security is always tops of our list.   So you'll  always be working on the best ways to keep our customers' data safe. Knowledge of CORS, CSRF, XSS, HSTS, etc are very helpful.   Compare our word cloud to yours:  Do these things line up with what you know or have used in the past?   Ruby on Rails  AWS VPC  Ubuntu  MySQL  ElasticSearch  Influx  Ansible   Benefits:  US citizens will be eligible for our benefits package, which includes:   Medical, dental, and vision insurance plans  4 weeks paid time off annually  9 paid holidays each year  (Some holiday work needed on a rotating basis and will be compensated)  Company-paid Life and AD&D coverage with the option to purchase additional coverage  Company paid Short Term Disability coverage  401(k) plan  Medical and dependent care flexible spending accounts          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    Do you or will you in the future require sponsorship for a work visa? *   i.e. H1B, TN-1, etc.    --  Yes  No    Do you have a Git Hub ID? If so, please provide the link below. *        What Open Source project would you want to work with? *        LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Chargify are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               DevOps Engineer San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job The DevOps Engineer is a critical member of the production infrastructure team at Telmate.  The DevOps Engineer works closely with other DevOps Engineers, software developers, and hardware engineers to build new pieces of highly available infrastructure and maintain the existing infrastructure. As a DevOps Engineer at Telmate you will: ●  Build new Highly scalable redundant infrastructure on AWS and physical servers ●  Troubleshoot production issues ●  Create and implement automation tools ●  Develop strategy, processes, and shape our existing infrastructure ●  Work normal business hours  Requirements: ●  4-year degree in relevant field / or equivalent work experience ●  5-20 years of experience in DevOps or Linux Administration ●  Strong understanding of CentOS or Ubuntu ●  AWS command line tools ●  GIT, Jenkins, Chef/Puppet ●  Scripting and some programming skills ●  Network protocols ●  Monitoring solutions ●  Effective communication skills, Documentation ●  Great work ethics and attitude! Telmate is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Candidate will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, ancestry, disability, medical condition or national origin. San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Apply for this job GTL and Telmate Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer Redwood City, CA; San Francisco, CA; Portland, OR Engineering Full-Time Apply for this job About OpenGov As the leader in the exploding GovTech space, OpenGov is building software to transform the way government works: easy-to-use cloud software for better budgeting, improved reporting and operational intelligence, and comprehensive transparency and open data. OpenGov solutions give governments the right tools and relevant data for more informed decision-making and better outcomes for the public. We're innovating, solving big challenges and having fun while doing it. As a member of OpenGov's #NextGenOpenData engineering team, you'll spend much of your day building out infrastructure to ensure our deployments are fast and reliable and also play a key part in designing and building well-architected and efficient software. In this role you’ll have the opportunity to have a direct hand in taking CKAN - the leading open source open data platform that powers the largest data portals in the world ( data.gov , data.gov.uk , europeandataportal.eu , data.humdata.org , etc.) to the next level! Responsibilities • Help Manage Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure • Help Manage and Design Docker-based Microservices framework • Development of PoC and/or MVP services • Development of IT automation code/documents • Writing and maintaining systems documentation • Contribute towards building a great culture in a small team and company Qualifications • 4+ years of DevOps experience • Fluency with Linux/UNIX/UNIX-like command line (CLI) commands • Solid grasp of IPv4 networking (subnets, routing, VLANs) • Familiarity with AWS/Cloud Native Computing • Familiarity with Docker • Familiarity with IT Automation tools (Chef and/or Ansible preferred) Apply for this job OpenGov Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job As a DevOps Engineer at Clara, you will architect, implement, and administer our AWS-based infrastructure. In addition, you will lead and contribute to the development of tools that help us monitor, configure, and scale our infrastructure. You will use your experience and expertise in both preventative and responsive situations. DevOps is already part of our engineering team’s DNA, so rather than dealing with daily operations and on-call schedules, you’ll get to create the tools and frameworks that empower and guide our developers to operate their own services effectively. You’re helping transform how families across America access capital by creating a novel, online borrowing experience. You’re part of an early, growing team that’s working to build a unified system to modernize an antiquated yet critical industry. Being an Engineer at Clara means being part of a diverse team whose backgrounds range from biology to finance, and whose interests range from round-the-clock coffee drinking to camping in Botswana to mentoring with Women Who Code. We care deeply about choosing the right tools for the job, building systems designed for longevity, and fostering a culture of continuous learning. Clara is a modern, technology-enabled lender backed by top venture capital firms based in downtown San Francisco and our mission is to improve people’s lives by reimagining how lending works. Our team brings together the best of Silicon Valley tech, financial services, the mortgage industry and the federal government. It’s an uncommon mix that allows us to tackle the biggest problems in consumer finance. Come join us! WHAT YOU'LL DO Make the most efficient use of DevOps technologies such as Docker, Terraform, and Chef. Implement the right tool for the job when necessary Use understanding and empathy for your customers to produce a highly efficient environment Contribute to an environment that enables our engineering teams to build, release, and operate their own microservices Participate in architecting, implementing, and administering our AWS-based infrastructure to support consumer-facing web applications, backend business workflow engines, and data pipelines Use best-in-class monitoring and self-healing techniques to efficiently scale with our business Work with, teach, and learn from an awesome team that is fun, devoted to personal growth, and committed to building something meaningful, lasting, and impactful ABOUT YOU You see both sides of DevOps - development and operations, and see how they are intertwined and influence each other. You adopt the philosophies behind DevOps and enjoy working in such collaborative environments. You care about continuous integration, reliable deployments, sensible configuration management, etc., because they catch errors early and improve both system stability and developer efficiency You’re lazy in the right ways - you have  a focus on building tools, systems and patterns, not manual firefighting You have built reusable systems, and are familiar with modern tools to reliably, consistently and repeatedly manage them - solid, supported, and maintained tools; not: post-it notes, tribal knowledge, or prayer You are well-versed in security best practices and defense mechanisms, and you have practiced them consistently 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, Systems Engineer or Systems Administrator 2+ years managing a non-trivial system architecture in AWS. Our current system has ~200 nodes serving 2 web applications, with more than a dozen back-end microservices across several environments; this is likely to grow significantly to support on-demand environments, more complex analytics, additional workflows, etc. Apply for this job Clara Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Moogsoft is the creator of Moogsoft AIOps - a next generation approach to IT Operations and Analytics driven by real-time machine learning. Moogsoft AIOps helps Enterprises & Service Providers deliver consistently excellent customer experiences, regardless of the underlying complexity or dynamic nature of the supporting infrastructure. We are seeking a talented DevOps Engineering Intern to join our forward-thinking engineering team. You must be a self-motivated team player who will thrive in a dynamic, self-organizing team. We are looking for natural innovators who strive to continuously improve and learn.  Moogsoft Engineers are a tight-knit group of high-performers. We don’t believe in large teams; we opt for small, diverse groups that move fast, communicate clearly and achieve more. We try to choose the right tool for the job. Who We Are Looking For: 1+ years rock-solid coding in a several well-known languages/paradigms ( Java in particular). Strong cloud/devops fluency ( aws/azure in particula ). Strong working knowledge of Linux ( RHEL/CentOS in particular ). Proficiency in data handling ( translation and core sql fluency ). Solid understanding of key IT concepts/protocols across the OSI stack. Knowledge of data science / language processing applied theory a plus. Moogsoft Perks and Benefits: Unlimited vacation and sick day policy. Competitive salary, 401(k) plan and equity to all employee. Attractive benefits package including health and dental coverage. Fully stocked kitchen and catered meals. Opportunity for career development in a fast-paced, progressive company. Team volunteering events and off-site outings. Corporate sports teams – bring your A-game, we like to win! Game room equipped with ping pong, foosball and dart. Apply for this job Moogsoft Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at 6sense  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    Job Title: DevOps Engineer  Location: Sunnyvale or San Francisco, CA  6sense is a Predictive Intelligence Engine that is re-imagining how B2B companies do sales and marketing. We work with big data at scale and use advanced machine learning to find buyers and predict which companies will purchase from our customers, when and how much.  DevOps Engineers at 6sense are true hybrid developers and operations engineers. They are responsible for ensuring our services and infrastructure are fast, stable, and scalable. They also build out any services and tooling we need that are not already attainable via open source packages. Operational tasks such as infrastructure, build/release, and systems administration also fall within their realm of responsibilities.  The drive of our visionary CEO and the quality of our work has lead to unprecedented success of our product with customers like Cisco, Dell, Netsuite, Bluejeans, etc.  We are venture funded by the likes of Battery Ventures, Venrock, Bain and Salesforce.  Join us to enable the 6sense teams build a better predictive platform which helps companies find their next customer.    Responsibilities:    Develop and deploy services to improve the availability, ease of management, and visibility of 6sense systems.  Contribute to building and scaling out our infrastructure.  Learning and adopting new technologies that may aide in solving our challenges.   Own our systems like our Hadoop cluster, front-end/back-end services, infrastructure components like our Memcache infrastructure, and everything in between    Write and review code, develop documentation and capacity plans, and debug the production problems    Write code and build services that will be used in production      Minimum Qualifications:    1+ years of experience with Linux/Unix system administration and networking fundamentals  Experience with modern configuration management tools (e.g. Ansible, Chef, Puppet) and idempotency  Strong skills in reading code as well as writing clean, maintainable, and scalable code  Good knowledge of Python  3+ years in a Developer and/or DevOps-related role or equivalent experience  Experience building and maintaining scalable SOA infrastructure  Exposure to Docker  Knowledge of standard security practices  Experience with high-availability   Bonus Requirements:    Knowledge and understanding of Java and related tools (e.g. Maven, Dropwizard, etc)  Exposure to modern build systems such as Bazel, Buck, or Pants  Knowledge of the Hadoop ecosystem including deployment and maintenance            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job? *        Will you now or in the future require Sponsorship for employment Visa status?  (e.g., H-IB or other visa status)    --  Yes  No    I certify that the information provided on this application is true and accurate to the best of knowledge.  I understand that withholding of information or giving false information may prevent me from receiving an offer of employment, may result in a withdrawal of an employment offer, or may result in my discharge from employment if I am already employed at the time the false statement or omission is discovered. *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                    Coresystems is a privately held field service software company helping mid- and large enterprises manage field services. Our solution brings together the right data at the right moment to delight customers and drive business results - all delivered in the cloud to any mobile device with artificial intelligence in real-time. We’re transforming field service with cutting edge technology to help companies create perfect service moments and delight customers.  Our young and innovative company is looking for a    Senior DevOps Engineer      THE ROLE  As Senior DevOps Engineer you are responsible for installing new software releases and system upgrades, evaluating and installing patches and resolving software related problems. Additionally you will perform system backups and recoveries. You will work in a young and motivated team and be responsible for guiding our junior systems administrators. With your solid experience and know-how you will be part in planning and accomplishing our goals. We are looking forward to your personal "Core Moments"!    CURIOUS ABOUT THE DAY-TO-DAY?  Set up and installation, operation, maintenance and configuration of different systems Troubleshoot and test for all systems support and advice for other team members Enforcement of IS security standards as directed, to include user and privileged accounts Recommendation of hardware and software requirements Writing of automation scripts and other scripts needed Evaluation and installation of software including patches and upgrades Responsible for preventive maintenance    CURIOUS IF YOU ARE FIT?  Bachelor’s degree in a technical field Solid professional experience At least 4 years’ experience in administration of Linux operating system (Debian or Ubuntu distributions prefered) Excellent knowledge of TCP/IP Networking Significant knowledge in database technologies (Postgresql and SQL), installing maintaining and troubleshooting on operation system level Advanced skills in system automation tools Knowledge in writing, troubleshooting and improving puppet modules as well as lib functions and facters Expert skills in bash scripting, ruby scripting is big advantage Knowledge of java application servers and web servers, knowledge of Tomcat, Apache httpd and Nginx is big advantage Experience with HA technologies - HaProxy knowledge is big advantage Solid knowledge of the HTTP protocol and RESTful APIs Experience with Node.js based applications Skills in Docker and Kubernetes (or similar) are a big plus Experience in Cloud technologies - Amazon Cloud knowledge is big advantage Ability to multi-task and work in a deadline driven environment Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Ability to quickly assess problems and find workable solutions Skilled to synthesize information, distill relevant facts and reach logical conclusions Fluency in English, German is a plus   JOIN US, BECAUSE  We are an enthusiastic, cool company and we like to have fun – during working hours and outside them We really engage ourselves in developing our products and take pride in delivering results Stretching yourself to achieve challenging goals is satisfying to us In our open culture, we welcome other opinions and enjoy discussing solutions The flexible and dynamic working environment gives us a lot of freedom and enables us to perform at a high level Our skills and know-how are up-to-date thanks to the yearly training courses we attend. We also offer the opportunity to travel to our other locations for know-how sharing We support mobile communication (iPhone / Android bought for you) and mobility costs Unpaid leave is an extra cool benefits This opportunity is based in San Francisco, CA and is restricted to candidates legally able to work in the United States. Relocation assistance is not available.    CONTACT Hanna Bergner HR & Recruiting Specialist    Have we piqued your interest? We look forward to receiving your online application .   » back to job market          Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Airware  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Airware Cloud team is looking for an engineer who will be responsible for building, expanding and maintaining our Cloud platform infrastructure, and for enabling the rest of the engineering team to develop high quality code efficiently. You will work with our Kubernetes cluster on AWS, set up monitoring and alerting and help geo-distribute data across the globe. Our ideal candidate stays up to date with latest technologies and leverages tools to automate as much of infrastructure management as possible.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities   Increase developer efficiency by building feature environments  Improve our infrastructure with the latest Kubernetes features  Set up new geo-distributed clusters with centralized control  Build monitoring tooling for issues in our Kubernetes cluster  Automate platform infrastructure management     Necessary Skills and Experience   Experience in professional software development  Understanding of Kubernetes concepts  Experience Terraform  Familiarity with Docker, Python, Golang and databases such as PostgreSQL  Good grasp of continuous integration and deployment  Ability to manage and maintain a platform     How to Apply and What to Expect:  In addition to a resume, please include a short explanation of your background, accomplishments (links to past projects are always helpful), and what excites you about Airware. This will help us to get a multi-dimensional view of who you are and connect you with the right person at Airware.  Be prepared to have a detailed technical discussion with a member of our team over the phone or via video chat.    About Airware:  Airware provides secure and scalable solutions that enable enterprises to digitize their business and turn aerial data into actionable business intelligence. World-class enterprises look to Airware to improve productivity, operational efficiency, and worker safety. Airware has raised more than $90 million to date from leading venture capital investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers, and Next World Capital, with strategic investments from enterprise customers and partners including Caterpillar Ventures, GE Ventures, Google Ventures, and Intel Capital. Airware’s Americas headquarters are located in San Francisco, CA and EMEA headquarters in Paris, France. For more information, go to Airware.com or follow Airware on Twitter: @Airware .          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Do you require visa sponsorship? Due to the Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the company is unable at this time to sponsor work visas for individuals from certain countries designated in the EAR.       Please indicate all countries for which you hold citizenship. Due to the Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the company is prohibited from hiring employees who hold citizenships from certain countries designated in the EAR.                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Whistle  San Francisco    The DevOps Engineer will be responsible for creating and maintaining the infrastructure that powers Whistle products. This person will work in our San Francisco office with Software Engineering, Data Science, and Firmware teams to codify and deploy infrastructure and also implement delivery pipelines to ensure systems stay reliable and performant.    You will:    Monitor and manage our systems using third-party services such as  New Relic, PagerDuty, DataDog, and Sentry    Strategically identify bottlenecks and vulnerabilities in our infrastructure and help define remedies and infrastructure additions    Collaborate with other DevOps and Software Engineers in our 24/7 on-call rotation    Profiles that interest us:    Autonomous, passionate individuals with experience across the stack    Experience working in high-scale environments    Knowledge of and experience working with IaaS (e.g. AWS, GCP) and PaaS (e.g. Heroku)    Belief in "Infrastructure as Code" (IaC), including experience with Hashicorp’s open source tools such as  Terraform, Consul and Packer    Strong background in sound agile software development principles    Experience running containerized workloads in production and at scale    Experience working with CI/CD tools including Bamboo or Jenkins    Exposure working on a remote team    Treats best practices for security as a requirement, not an afterthought    Contributor to open source software           Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       GitHub Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Skip to Job Description , Search Close           Find Jobs Company Reviews Find Salaries Find Resumes Employers / Post Job         Upload your resume    Sign in         :         What  Where       Advanced Job Search                 job title, keywords or company    city, state, or zip              Senior DevOps Engineer   Very Good Security Inc. - San Francisco, CA    Very Good Security (“VGS”) provides an agile and efficient way for businesses to secure and utilize their sensitive data. Founded by highly successful serial entrepreneurs and backed by world-class investors and top tier VCs, VGS is building an amazing global team. As a young and growing company, we’re laser focused on delighting our customers and hiring talented and entrepreneurial-minded individuals to help us to secure the world's data. We are looking for a seasoned DevOps Engineer who has practical experience with secure network environments. The successful candidate will own, oversee, scale and improve our infrastructure while finding creative and pragmatic solutions for automating development and testing environments. Technologies we use AWS Java, Python, Go, Ruby Jenkins, CircleCi PostgreSQL Ansible Docker Kubernetes Distributed, log based architecture What you'll do Bridge the gap between Development and Ops by reducing uncertainties of release and change. It also brings down risk factors involved in various stages of release management i.e. Build, Deploy, Test, and Continuous Improvement. Analyse performance and capacity for all components in the engineering lab environments. Evaluate advancements in DevOps, new infrastructure and tools; look for ways to bring more effectiveness and efficiency. What we expect Good understanding of distributed web application architecture. Solid experience managing cloud infrastructure (AWS is a priority). Working understanding of the programming languages, such as Bash, Python, Go, and Java. Continuous Integration experience (Jenkins, CircleCi). Experience with PostgreSQL. Experience with IT Automation Tools (Ansible). Virtualization and Orchestration experience (Docker, Kubernetes). Previous experience working within secure environments a huge plus. Benefits and perks Highly subsidized individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage Company sponsored 401k plan Market competitive compensation package Monthly wellness stipend Generous vacation policy 12 company paid holidays Job Type: Full-time   30+ days ago  - save job           » Apply Now  Please review all application instructions before applying to Very Good Security Inc..        Other jobs you may like    Infrastructure DevOps Engineer   Infinitum Global LLC - San Francisco, CA  1 day ago   Easily apply     DevOps Engineer   Toptal LLC - San Francisco, CA  We Work Remotely - 9 days ago    DevOps Engineer   LT - San Francisco, CA  8 days ago   Easily apply     DevOps Engineer   Podomatic - San Francisco, CA  We Work Remotely - 15 days ago    DevOps Engineer   Invitae - San Francisco, CA  InVitae - 3 days ago   Easily apply               Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload Your Resume            About - Help Center    ©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms    Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume          Skip to Job Description , Search Close            Find Jobs Company Reviews Find Salaries Find Resumes Employers / Post Job         Upload your resume    Sign in         :         What  Where       Advanced Job Search                 job title, keywords or company    city, state, or zip              Senior DevOps Engineer   Wavsys, LLC    4 reviews - San Francisco, CA   Contract     Position Overview: We're looking for a highly talented DevOps Engineer to join our tech team. Do you think you're the ideal candidate? Then you are obsessed with automation, configuration management, cloud computing, and uptime. You have years of experience working with highly available Linux Systems running on VMWare and in public clouds like AWS. You are passionate about working with development engineers to get more done faster with less effort using technologies like Chef and Docker, along with continuous delivery tools like Jenkins. For this position, you should have good communication skills and enjoy working both on individual tasks and as part of a team of engineers working to solve problems in rapidly changing environment. Key skills we’re looking for include: Expert-level knowledge of Linux systems with 10+ years of professional experience 2+ years of DevOps or development experience in similar environments Very strong experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Strong experience with Chef (preferred), Puppet, Ansible, or similar tools. Significant scripting experience in Ruby, Bash, or similar Clear and confident interpersonal and communications skills Ability to make quick decisions as well as thoughtful, well researched plans Track record with researching, implementing and improving a range of technologies Ability to act as an escalation point and mentor for others on your team Significant professional experience in 24x7 enterprise environments Pluses include: Networking Experience, preferably with Cisco Routers and firewalls and Cisco and Arista switches Experience with VMWare 5+ Experience with EMC SAN devices and/or Network Attached Storage Job Type: Contract Job Location: San Francisco, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Linux: 10 years AWS: 3 years Chef: 2 years VMWare 5+: 1 year Devops: 2 years Puppet: 1 year scripting: 2 years Required license or certification: W2   23 days ago  - save job           » Apply Now  Please review all application instructions before applying to Wavsys, LLC.        Other jobs you may like    Devops Security Architect   Acceloninc - San Francisco, CA  16 days ago   Easily apply     DevOps Engineer   Toptal LLC - San Francisco, CA  We Work Remotely - 9 days ago    DevOps Engineer   Podomatic - San Francisco, CA  We Work Remotely - 15 days ago    Jr. DevOps Engineer   Diverse Lynx - Parsippany, NJ  30+ days ago    DevOps Engineer   CivilMaps - San Francisco, CA  14 hours ago   Easily apply             Wavsys, LLC    4 reviews     Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload Your Resume            About - Help Center    ©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms    Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume                 Log In    Register    Jobs    Back to Website          DevOps Engineer     Email           Tweet     Location: San Francisco, CA   Date Posted: 11-07-2017      Apply Now        THIS IS NOT A REMOTE OPPORTUNITY / NO THIRD PARTY VENDORS   Who is Taos? Taos is an IT consulting and services company that offers expertise across the strategic, management and tactical layers of IT and engineering organizations. As part of the nation's IT landscape since 1989, we offer opportunities that will allow you to achieve your career goals and objectives.  We're changing the face of some of the most innovative companies with our diverse solution offerings, exceptional talent and thought leadership. Our clients look to us first for advice, insight, and support, driving us to relentlessly focus on customer success.  Taos is immediately hiring a DevOps Engineer for a cutting-edge tech company in San Francisco, CA !   Who you are: You are a passionate DevOps engineer with strong bias to action, excellent analytical skills, and a taste for good engineering. You thrive in an environment where you are constantly presented with a variety of new challenges with an enormous scope. You are a fast learner, able to quickly adopt new tools and technologies while hitting the ground running. The opportunity to work on a true engineering team, building rather than supporting, is an exciting prospect for you. You are eager to join an organization that fosters diversity in both thought and people.   What you’ll be doing:   Working in an all engineering department building new software (no support)  Migrating one system to another  Performing SRE work on tooling for production operations, incident response, logging, alerting, and monitoring management  Automating anything and everything you can  Migrating to Spinnaker to improve deployment    What you’ll bring to the table:   At least 5 years of experience in a DevOps/SRE role  Expert-level Python skills  Salt and/or Terraform experience in a production environment  Proficient systems-level knowledge in Linux  A strong desire to automate  Docker and Kubernetes is a plus    Let’s talk about us: Some IT professionals watch their careers shoot straight up. Others spend years at one company after another struggling to get noticed and stay on top of developing technologies. If you are looking for a place that puts employees first while staying on the cutting edge of technology, come to Taos. We’ll immerse you in multiple environments and operating technologies, give you access to the collaboration of a strong technical community, and expose you to IT innovation as it happens in real-time. With unparalleled adaptability, you have the opportunity to leverage Taos as an employer to be successful.   Referrals: We love referrals so much that we pay for them! If you know someone that you would recommend, click HERE or go to our website at http://www.taos.com/it-talent/opportunities/and we will do the rest! We'll make sure that you receive the $1000 referral bonus after they are employed with us.   Compensation: Our compensation package includes a competitive salary, medical and dental insurance, 401k, paid vacation, sick time and holiday pay, plus loads of free training (Puppet, Chef, Nagios, LAMP Stack, PMP, ITIL, Python, etc.)!   How to apply: If you’re interested in this position or know someone who is, please email your resume (Word or PDF format) and contact information to opportunities@taos.com .  Taos Mountain, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.  Veterans are encouraged to apply!  E-Verify Participant: This employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please go to http://www.taos.com/it-talent/opportunities/ and review the E-Verify Participant and Right to Work links for more information.  #LI-POST             Apply Now      or                        All jobs → Senior DevOps Engineer   Senior DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description Why Work At Forge? At Forge, we’re creating a product that changes lives. Imagine a world where all hourly workers can finally choose their work hours, have control over how much money they make each month and legitimately enjoy their work...all because of you. Joining the Forge team means you’ll be hands-on in designing and building this dream which will benefit millions of people across the globe. In addition to having a real impact on the world, you’ll be joining one of the most well-connected, venture-backed teams in San Francisco who have a previous acquisition under their belt. Who We're Looking For Forge is looking for an experienced DevOps engineer to manage our growing infrastructure. We are doing things the "right" way from the get-go: fully automated and version controlled. Our apps require nearly 100% uptime and will face massive growth in traffic and complexity in a short amount of time. We are seeking smart, motivated individuals who have a passion for changing the world through software. Most importantly, we’re looking for someone who will take the reins and start building. About The Job You'll be working alongside iOS and Android engineers building the Forge platform and championing DevOps. Requirements Culture  Focus on shipping quality software -- and testing it before you ship  Product-minded: You’re not just building software, you’re making it  Appreciation of full ownership of your work-product, from design to deployment  Have empathy with our target audience and know the value of a simple, intuitive product  What We're Looking For  Expert knowledge of all things AWS  Experience with microservice architectures  Full proficiency in UNIX/Linux administration  Managing automated build & deploy processes  Familiarity with "infrastructure as code" tools, such as Terraform or Cloudformation  It's Even Better If You  Have 3+ years of experience  Are curious about the Future of Work  Like learning new skills & frameworks  Want to make a huge impact on the world  Want to work with a dynamic, experienced team  Are familiar with any of the HashiCorp stack, in particular Terraform, Packer, and Consul  Benefits  Stock  Apple Equipment  Unlimited Vacation  Competitive Salary     Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Forge website  Powered by Workable     Skip to Job Description , Search Close           Find Jobs Company Reviews Find Salaries Find Resumes Employers / Post Job         Upload your resume    Sign in         :         What  Where       Advanced Job Search                 job title, keywords or company    city, state, or zip              Sr. DevOps Engineer   TekVizor - San Francisco Bay Area, CA    Senior DevOps Infrastructure Engineer Location: San Francisco, CA We are hiring a DevOps Engineer who has five years of deep understanding in the strategy, framework and delivery of next-generation automation, monitoring, deployment platforms. You will also have the ability to shape the architecture and infrastructure to smoothly run our systems and automate all aspects of our environment. We run a hybrid. multi-cloud environment, GKE, Kubernetes, GCE Google Cloud Computing. An expert on DevOps best practices with AWS, OpenStack, Cloud Formation, Auto Scaling Groups, and Configuration Management Perform overall analysis on best practices develop and structure emerging concepts in DevOps, Infrastructure Automation, and Enterprise Security Hands on experience with managing production environments on AWS or cloud PaaS Be able to provide technical leadership in the development of a mobile platform Qualifications: Bachelors or Masters (Masters preferred) in Computer Science or related area of study 4-7+ years of DevOps experience including AWS, Google Cloud, GKE, Docker and Kubernetes Strong and hands on with the Linux Operating System Redhat or Amazon Linux preferred Experience with configuration automation tools Puppet, Ansible, Chef Cloud Monitoring tools Splunk, DataDog, ELK, Elastic Search Continuous Integration and Deployment (Jenkins, CloudBees) Job Type: Full-time Job Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: DevOps: 4 years   30+ days ago  - save job           » Apply Now  Please review all application instructions before applying to TekVizor.        Other jobs you may like    Senior DevOps Engineer   Minted - San Francisco, CA  25 days ago    Senior DevOps Engineer (Aftershock)   Twentieth Century Fox - San Francisco, CA  30+ days ago    DevOps Engineer   SoftVision - North America & UK - Oakland, CA  3 days ago    Senior DevOps Engineer   GoPro - San Mateo, CA  6 days ago    Senior Systems Engineer (DevOps/Cloud)   Edifecs - Bellevue, WA  30+ days ago   Easily apply                  TekVizor   TekVizor is the bridge that connects top technology talent with the most cutting edge companies.  We utilize a 360 approach that allows us...     Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload Your Resume            About - Help Center    ©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms    Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume          Systems Engineer / DevOps San Francisco Castle Global – Backend Full-time Apply for this job Castle Global is building machine learning enabled technology products in a number of verticals across both consumer and enterprise spaces. Our consumer apps span social discovery, mobile Q&A, and e-commerce, and we've already had over 100M users collectively across our properties. Our enterprise visual intelligence platform Hive powers all of our consumer properties in content recommendation, and we have started productizing and commercializing Hive for external customers. We're working with some of the world's largest technology and content businesses to change the way they analyze unstructured image and video data. We are funded by leading investors like Peter Thiel (Founders Fund), General Catalyst, and Formation8. We have ~100 people globally, based in our San Francisco and Delhi offices. Our unique machine learning needs led us to open our own datacenter in early 2016, with an emphasis on GPU resources. Even with our datacenter, we maintain a hybrid infrastructure into AWS to power some parts of our consumer apps. As we continue to commercialize our machine learning models, we also need to grow our DevOps and Systems team to maintain the reliability of a SaaS offering for our customers. The ideal candidate doesn’t need to be actively managed and take automation seriously. You believe there is no task that can’t be automated or server scale too large. You get satisfaction from allowing developers to deploy their servers without worry of downtime! Responsibilities Create automation tools for creating, provisioning, and deploying servers Build tools to streamline the deployment of releases and hot-fixes Configure and monitor data center infrastructure (load balancer, firewall, switches, instances, etc.) Help automate systems for 24x7 monitoring and failure recovery Bring expertise on troubleshooting application, database, and networking performance and failures Continually identify areas for process improvement in the production environment and develop appropriate resolutions About You You take automation seriously You have fought fires at scale, wrestled with lost instances on AWS, and can troubleshoot awry processes and servers with your eyes closed You have at least 2 years of work experience in a Linux-based DevOps role You have AWS cloud management experience You know at least one language well, and enjoy writing code Extremely proficient with the Unix command line, shell scripting, and configuring systems monitoring tools Knowledge of all things networking: TCP / IP, ICMP, SSH, DNS, HTTP, SSL / TLSKnowledge of storage systems, RAID, distributed file systems, NFS?iSCSI / CIFS You have experience with configuration management, monitoring, and automation tools Working knowledge of firewalls, VPN, routing, switching, load balancing, security, and DNS Ability to compile and install Unix application from source, test, and create package managed versions of such You have a strong desire and ability to learn quickly You are excited about providing services that affect tens of millions of users A degree in computer science, or similar, is an added plus! Thank you for your interest in joining Castle. Apply for this job Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Software Engineer - DevOps  at Mode  (View all jobs)  San Francisco     Data analysis is plagued by a fundamentally flawed workflow that leads to slow turnaround times, high error rates, and fewer insights. By combining analytics tools with a collaborative user experience, Mode is alleviating the most pressing bottleneck for analytical organizations. We are looking for a DevOps web engineer to join us in revolutionizing the way the world analyzes data. This person will be an integrated part of our core engineering team.   What you'll do    Work with the rest of our software engineers to build application services that power our core product  Research and evaluate technologies for what we build - determine priorities by estimating projects' potential impact  Configuration management  Expand and improve our build and release automation process  Work with our team to define and implement security practices  Learn from others and teach those around you - you'll be the second full-time DevOps engineer at Mode!    What we look for    Strong software development background with experience in at least one scripting language  You love to automate yourself out of a job  Tons of experience with configuration management tools  Experience with testing, continuous integration, and continuous deployment  Familiarity with security and networking a plus    Tools we use    SaltStack and AWS CloudFormation for configuration management and orchestration  Docker  A wide array of AWS services including EC2, RDS and Redshift  New Relic and Wavefront for monitoring  SumoLogic for log management  GitHub and Travis CI    About Mode  Mode is a collaborative analytics platform that brings teams together around data to make game-changing decisions.  In everything we do, we strive to put the people we do it for first. This starts internally: together we're building a culture that embraces diversity and learning, humility and gratitude. At the same time, we try not to take ourselves too seriously and strive for a healthy balance between work and personal pursuits.  Benefits you can expect as a Mode employee:    Generous, flexible PTO and family leave  Flexible work schedules—we trust you to know what will make yourself most productive  Generous professional development policy that includes funds earmarked for each employee's discretionary professional growth—Have a conference you want to attend? A class you want to take? If it's helping take your career to the next level, it's on us.  Excellent health coverage for team members and their families (Mode pays the 100% of the premiums)  Supportive work environment and a manager who is focused on your professional growth  Company events that highlight our team's passions and hobbies  Snacks and in-office lunches shared at our ever-growing lunch table    Mode is committed to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcome people from all backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives.          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Mode are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Software Engineer - DevOps San Francisco, CA Clients Platform & Product Development – Science Full-time Apply for this job The Science Engineering team is looking for a DevOps Engineer to help us build usable, scalable, and reliable systems. Our team develops and operates the real-time behavioral data pipeline, which collects, processes, and distributes data to other teams. You would make every step of the software lifecycle faster through better tools, processes, and abstractions, and build tools to manage distributed infrastructure running on Spark and Hadoop. Our systems power decision making throughout the company through hundreds of end users, and we have a constantly growing list of systems that consume our data. Responsibilities Learn, extend, and maintain Science Engineering’s build, deploy, config, metrics, and alerting systems Work with other engineers to determine tool requirements, then drive the implementation, documentation, maintenance, and improvement of these tools Review current tools to identify deficiencies Keep up with tool ecosystems, both internal and external, and integrate the best into science engineering Develop and communicate a clear vision of how products should function Participate in creating standard frameworks and libraries for internal tools Requirements 2+ years experience in software development Background in Linux/Unix Automation and Administration Experience with containerization like Docker and lxc Experience with automation/configuration management using either Ansible, Puppet, Chef or an equivalent Excellent command of at least one programming language Excellent communicator and team player A strong desire to minimize the operational overhead of systems, large and small Experience orchestrating distributed systems such as Spark and Hadoop Ability to learn new languages (Go, Python) and technologies quickly You know how to ship code in fast, iterative cycles Bonus Points A degree in Computer Science or equivalent academic background Experience with big data and data visualization Hands-on experience building services using Amazon Web Services Avid user of Twitch or passion for video games Perks Full benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life 401(k) savings plan with a company match Catered daily lunch and dinners (and hearty breakfasts three times a week) Unlimited snacks and drinks Monthly in-office massages Corporate gym membership Commuter benefits Flexible time off policy Weekly happy hours and opportunity to attend one gaming event or tournament Top of the line technology to help you build your own workspace Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at http://twitch.tv . We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. #LI-MS1 Apply for this job Twitch Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer San Francisco, California 4P Digital Technologies Full-time Apply for this job Imagine waking up and being part of a team with game changing ambitions and limits beyond belief. Your peers are capable, pleasant and multicultural - they do not only listen to your ideas, they help you chase them. To boot, you can even be yourself and don’t need to look like a movie star every day or bend yourself in any direction. You will work in a highly collaborative environment that mirrors more of a startup than a big company where you can always express your opinions and thoughts.  Maybe you’re still dreaming and this is a unicorn riding on the back of a burgundy elephant – but maybe it’s not. Roles and Responsibilities We are building a product that will provide a collaborative working space for entrepreneurs. We strongly believe that we are building a competent and capable product, and are looking for team players who want to take up the challenge of solving problems together. We want people who want to question the idea and brainstorm on it with the team. You will have to define your own tasks, prioritise them and be able to work on them simultaneously. You should be self motivated and be able to organise your own self within the project. You will have to take ownership and responsibility instead of receiving instructions - and there will definitely be a lot of learning, experimenting and fun. We are looking for DevOps Engineers who are detail oriented and have a knack for finding the best practices in DevOps. As of now, you will work with Nginx and Docker on an AWS Architecture. Basic Qualifications Nginx, AWS Services and AWS Networking System Administration, Unix / Linux Git, GitLab / GitHub / BitBucket Fluent in English Preferred Qualifications Docker, Docker Compose Cluster Management - Swarm / Fleet / Flannel CI/CD Pipelines Shell Scripting, CoreOS Appreciated Qualifications Automation, Testing, Containerisation, Provisioning, Monitoring, Horizontal and Vertical Scaling We would love to see your projects and your code. Do share your website and any other link with us. For example, live projects hosted on Heroku or your GitHub, StackOverflow, HackerRank profiles. Apply for this job 4P Home Page Jobs powered by    Versal     All jobs → DevOps Engineer   DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · DevOps   Description In this role, you’ll work collaboratively with our engineering team to deploy and operate multiple application systems, automate and streamline our operations and processes, and build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations. This is an on-site position based in our San Francisco office with flexible scheduling opportunities. Requirements  4+ years of software development experience  Strong background in Linux/Unix Administration, especially Ubuntu  Experience with automation/configuration management using Chef 12/13  In-depth understanding of AWS, especially EC2, RDS, VPC, CloudFront  Strong experience with SQL and MySQL/MariaDb (NoSQL experience is a plus, too, since we also use Redis)  Percona and Galera knowledge is a definite plus  A working understanding of code and script (Ruby, Perl, bash, JavaScript)  Knowledge of best practices and operations in an always-up, always-available SaaS service  An eye to securing hosts, dealing with security vendors, and maintaining systems with the latest patches  Versal is committed to creating a diverse company culture and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.    Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Versal website  Powered by Workable         Postman     All jobs → DevOps Engineer   DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description We're looking for an experienced DevOps Engineer for our San Francisco office, who will own the reliability, scalability, security and the ease of management of our SaaS Platforms . You'll work closely with members of the engineering teams, and report to our VP of Engineering. We want talented engineers with strong foundations who can pick up new tools on the fly. We want you to share our passion for developing products that will help make the lives of API developers and consumers easier. Responsibilities:  Design and implement the tools and processes used for deployment and change management.  Own, maintain, and continuously improve all systems.  Engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, anticipating performance bottlenecks and provisioning new hardware as necessary.  Run software performance analysis and system tuning.  Requirements  Passion for automation, simplicity, consistency, security, availability, and scalability of systems.  3+ years of experience with the Amazon Web Services stack  Experience in a customer facing 24x7 environment, contributing directly to systems architecture  Advanced knowledge of UNIX/Linux.  Strong sense of ownership, drive and an obsessive attention to detail.  Good to have: Experience with MySQL databases  Benefits We offer competitive salary, benefits, and options, and we're located right on Market Street in downtown San Francisco.    Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Postman website  Powered by Workable        Job Search | Post Resume                DevOps Engineer    Category:   IT Operations    Description:   As we transition from our relationship with our existing web development partner to a more in-house setup, we are seeking guidance and support to determine a scaled-down protocol for development operations (DevOps) and system administration.    Requirements:   The operational goals for our organization are to: ●	Rapidly deploy small-scale features and bug fixes, assuming a single or pair of in-house developers ●	To have simple code deployment from source control, to a staging environment, and finally to a production, live environment. ●	To have simple migration of content data from production to staging and a local development environment ●	To be sure that our server environments can stay up to date in as simple a fashion as possible Scope of work To achieve this, we are seeking a contract partner who can help us set up systems and teach best practices in order for us to keep moving forward with our in-house team. ●	Work with us to identify a best-fit architecture using off-the shelf components for our needs ●	Create a migration plan and cutover schedule no more than 45 days from our current pipeline ●	Train in-house staff on basic use and best practices of installed components ●	Develop documentation with in-house staff for common system operations to complete project.  Expertise required ●	Demonstrated expertise in DevOps system architecture and deployment for Node.js AND WordPress applications ●	Experience with small-scale, limited resource teams. Non-profit experience preferred ●	Ability to demonstrate, train, and document processes for new systems  Some of our considerations ●	With our small-scale resources, we value simplicity and low overhead over customization and state-of-the-art. ●	We are not currently looking to trade out our basic architecture, namely: ○	WordPress using Bedrock framework with WP-API for content management ○	Node.js using Hapi framework for web app, using React.js for front end We?re currently using an Amazon Web Services-based deployment?we?re open other resources if they can satisfy our needs for simplicity and low maintenance.    Location   San Francisco , CA    Minimum Experience (yrs):       Required Education:   BS    Benefits:       Return to search results  Email this job to a friend  Share this job on Facebook  *Logged in members may also add jobs to their job cart         Apply Now  Devops Engineer  at Airtime  San Francisco, CA    About Airtime  Today, online means alone. We're changing that. We are charting the course for the next era of the Internet: live, shared experiences. We're building a new way to use the Internet—together.  That’s why we’re pioneering a new kind of social experience, one designed for togetherness.  At its core, Airtime is a social platform for doing whatever together. Gather with your people to explore the Internet: group video, listen to music, chat, watch stuff, send pictures, GIFs, and more.  Our company was founded a few years ago by Sean Parker and Shawn Fanning and is backed by Kleiner Perkins, Andreessen Horowitz, Google Ventures, Founders Fund, and a host of other amazing partners.  Role  Responsible for “DevOps” at a fast-growing startup with locations in Palo Alto, San Francisco, and NYC.  Combination sys-admin/SRE/operations.  You’ll work very closely with the backend and client teams- responsibilities change as the company scales, so huge potential for learning and growth opportunities, and building out a team.  We feel very strongly at Airtime that routine tasks should be automated, deployments should be easy, and infrastructure should be fault-tolerant.  This means we use TDD, continuous integration/deployment, and systems are self-healing (i.e., if a host goes down, it’s replaced automatically).  At a high level, you should be interested in solving problems like “how could we replace this instance faster?”, “how could we build a system that can handle a 500x spike in RPM?”, “how can I make this Docker image smaller, so I can speed builds up 15%?”.  Responsibilities   Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation  Maintain and improve existing infrastructure (build out autoscaling, support new services)  Troubleshoot and address infrastructure issues  Automate recurring tasks (for example, syncing data from the production Mongo cluster to a reporting server)  Maintain and improve existing build and deployment processes across all teams (Android, iOS, backend)  Enforce best practices for security and reliability across the organization   Must haves   Expert level AWS knowledge.  Familiarity with both the console and the CLI is a plus.  General familiarity with monitoring/troubleshooting.  Most importantly the ability to address an issue, and trace it back to a root cause.  General familiarity with networking and security  General familiarity with microservices/container architecture  *nix familiarity:  company works off OSX, servers are Ubuntu + Amazon linux  Basic scripting knowledge (bash preferred)  Self directed learner and worker   Tools we use   AWS (VPC, Route53, EC2/ELB/ASG, Redshift, ECS, Elasticache, SNS/SQS, DynamoDB, ECR, Lambda, Cloudfront, Cloudwatch, RDS)  Docker  MongoDB  CircleCI and Jenkins  Git  New Relic and Sumologic  PagerDuty  Ansible  Vagrant  Node.js  Redis  Nginx  Supervisor  Fastlane   Are you in?  Airtime Leadership  Sean Parker , Founder & Executive Chairman  Daniel Klaus , President  Thomas Purnell-Fisher , Chief Product Officer  Sanidhya Khilnani , VP of Product  Prakash Ramakrishna , Vice President of Engineering, Airtime West  Jesse Rabek , Vice President of Application Engineering  Erik Martin , Vice President of Marketing             Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Do you have experience working with AWS? *     --  Yes  No    What specific AWS services have you used? *        Will you now or in the future require sponsorship? *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Skip to Job Description , Search Close           Find Jobs Company Reviews Find Salaries Find Resumes Employers / Post Job         Upload your resume    Sign in         :         What  Where       Advanced Job Search                 job title, keywords or company    city, state, or zip              Sr. Devops Engineer   Afactory HUB, Inc - San Francisco, CA   Contract     Job Summary Duration: 6+ months Location: San Francisco, CA Linkedin Needed Preferred Skills: 1.) Sonar Qube 2.) Atlassian tools (JIRA, Confluence, Hipchat). 3.) Jenkins 4.) Bitbucket 5.) Groovy Scripting Qualifications: 1. Jenkins or Ansible or Groovy hands-on experience 2. Technical skills to analyze the issues and provide a solutions 3. Drive to understand the problem statement(s) and to learn In addition to the solid Jenkins/Ansible/Cloud/Groovy skills, we also need to look for people who have: Strong logical skills who can provide approach/solution for the real world use-cases that Bank has Strong Analytical skills (can be checked through simple puzzles) Job description: Jenkins/Ansible Developer - Minimum overall 8 years’ experience - 4+ years industry experience in DevOps architecture related to Continuous Integration/Delivery solutions & Platform Automation - At least 2 years of system level architecture experience is a plus. Preferably in linux, windows flavors - Excellent knowledge of these scripting languages: o Groovy o Shell o Perl o Powershell o Docker - Configuration & Integration level skills in the following tools: o Jenkins o Ansible Tower o IBM uBuild o Rundeck o GIT o Sonar o Artifactory - Architected solution and deep expertise on Cloud o AWS/Azure o PaaS (Cloud Foundry, OpenShift) o Environment automation using Ansible, Chef, Puppet - Must have implemented DevOps practices/tools in areas such as continuous integration, environment automation, release automation, virtualization, infra as a code, metrics tracking - Should have directly worked on creating enterprise level operating models, architecture options - Experience working with remote/offshore teams is a huge plus Strong hands-on expertise in … -  * Jenkins 2.x architecture, plugins, scale, scripting -  * Ansible architecture, playbooks, scripting -  * Scripting with Groovy, Bash/Shell, PERL, PowerShell, YAML - Strong experience in … -  * Enterprise/large scale implementations -  * Patterns-based/template-based approach -  * Implementing best-practices at scale. Job Type: Contract Job Location: San Francisco, CA Required experience: relevent field.: 10 years   16 days ago  - save job           » Apply Now  Please review all application instructions before applying to Afactory HUB, Inc.        Other jobs you may like    DevOps Engineer   Toptal LLC - San Francisco, CA  We Work Remotely - 9 days ago    DevOps Engineer   Podomatic - San Francisco, CA  We Work Remotely - 15 days ago    DevOps Engineer   CivilMaps - San Francisco, CA  14 hours ago   Easily apply     DevOps Engineer   LT - San Francisco, CA  8 days ago   Easily apply     DevOps Engineer   Invitae - San Francisco, CA  InVitae - 3 days ago   Easily apply                  Afactory HUB, Inc   Afactory Hub Inc is employment agency that provides various Job opportunities all over USA. We value Quality over Quantity in our selection...     Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload Your Resume            About - Help Center    ©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms    Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume                                Games  Blog  Shop                            Forums  Support  Jobs     USA    2k Family           Blog  Forums    Australia  Italy  S Korea  Taiwan  France  Japan  South East Asia  UK  Germany  Netherlands  Spain     2K Czech  2K China  Irrational Games  2K Marin  2K Vegas  Firaxis Games  2K Australia  Catdaddy Games  Visual Concepts  Take-2-Interactive        Work at 2K   Overview  Search Openings  FAQ  Benefits & Perks  Search by Studio                New Candidates                   Have you applied with us before?    Log in here using your email and password.              Previous Applicants:    Email:     Password:      If you do not remember your password click here .     DevOps Engineer    Location:  Visual Concepts (Novato, CA)    Job Code:  1871     Description  DEVOPS ENGINEER  Visual Concepts is one of the world’s top game development studios with a flat, entrepreneurial, and non-corporate work environment. We have a proven track record having shipped over 100 multi-SKU titles to great critical acclaim.  NBA 2K18 , released on September 19, continues to redefine the genre with GamesRadar stating “ My Career’s jump to an open-world setting throws a new gauntlet down to the rest of sports gaming.” Forbes raves “…with its ambitious new additions, refined gameplay, and a truckload of options, there's no question, it's still the best in the world.”      Our studios in Novato, CA; Orange County, CA; Shanghai, China; and Seoul, South Korea, are committed to gaming and technical innovation and offer top candidates the opportunity to learn and grow with some of the smartest and most creative minds in the industry.    What are we looking for?  You’re passionate about DevOps and the associated technologies. You’re looking to expand your career by working on a large scale, service infrastructure. As a DevOps Engineer, you will be working with world class engineering and production operations teams to scale up our environment. You’ll develop and maintain tools and practices to support the integration of our backend services. You’ll work closely with various developers in supporting new services as well as being the operations expert and development engineer that launches and maintains our services in a production environment. This is an opportunity to enhance your career in a critical role supporting one of the largest and most successful game franchises.  Requirements:   3+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer working with large scale, online applications  Highly proficient in Python and Shell Script or other scripting languages  Experience with Linux systems administration  Proficient in one or more of C++, C#, or Java using object oriented best practices  Experience with deployment systems including Puppet  Experience with automation/build tools like Team City, Jenkins, Bamboo, and Maven  Experience with version control systems (git, Perforce)  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and experience  Able to work flexible hours including weekends or off-hours   Desired Skills:   Proficient in database management (Mysql, Redis)  Experience with Mongo, Cassandra, Vertica  Experience with building tools and APIs (F5, Cisco, AWS)  Knowledge of security mechanisms, such as SSL/TLS, IP-Sec, PKI, RSA/AES  Knowledge of networking architecture  Knowledge of network and application protocols, such as UDP, TCP, ICMP, HTTP, HTTPS       Back to Search Results    New Search                Newsletter  About Us  Privacy Policy  Terms of Service Safe Harbor Privacy    Connect with us         Copyright Â©2013 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc  Trademarks belong to their respective owners.  All rights reserved.                  DevOps Engineer Engineering San Francisco, CA Mission of Role: Build software and efficient operational processes to ensure the dependability of Enview's cloud-based geospatial analytics platform. About Enview: Enview maps the world in 3D with geospatial analytics. We quantify human activity, the natural environment, and infrastructure health. Clients use insights we generate to prevent damage to power lines and pipelines, as well as to perform large-area, high-frequency urban mapping. Our tech fuses and analyzes multiple data sources, including airborne LiDAR, aerial & satellite imagery, and GIS. The Challenge: You are excited to automate a compute infrastructure that ingests petabytes of remote sensing data to benefit the safety and well-being of millions. We are scaling our operations and deployments, and we need your help to keep these revenue-critical systems running smoothly. We're looking for someone with a passion for automation to make a direct impact on our products and development culture. You Will Be responsible for the scalability, reliability, and availability of our web products Develop robust continuous deployment systems and procedures for live web deployments Create site metrics and monitoring systems that will drive our development plans Be part of on-call team to support website SLA requirements (for US corporate customers) Lead internal development infrastructure and culture with best practices in continuous integration, repository management, and containerization Support back-end analytics platform development using scalability techniques in AWS Strong Candidates Will Have: 3+ years of DevOps experience Competence and familiarity with Linux A strong background in one or more scripting languages (Bash, Python, Perl, etc.) Experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS strongly preferred) Experience with containers and container infrastructure (Docker and ECS) Experience in networking, load balancing, firewalls, and system security best practices A belief that infrastructure and configuration should be code (Ansible, Salt, Puppet, or Chef) A fierce desire to automate complex systems to increase efficiency Perks: Opportunity to play a foundational role at a well-funded startup with major client deployments and revenue Work with people like yourself—talented and thoughtful; passionate about solving challenging problems Full medical/vision/dental + 401K Office located in SoMa accessible from CalTrain, MUNI, and BART Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . TermsDevOps Engineer San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Would you like to help run the systems that Endless uses to provide our next generation operating system and applications? You will be responsible for developing and maintaining the services that our infrastructure provides. This work requires strong knowledge of Linux services and server deployment. You will interface with many teams to support their contributions to Endless’s products. Your responsibilities will include maintenance and monitoring of these services as well as the servers they run on. The Endless infrastructure services includes build and continuous integration, issue tracking, download and artifact management, identity management and authorization, and others. You will ensure that these services are highly available and deployed robustly with minimum impact to Endless employees and users. Primary Job Responsibilities Maintain service configurations Deploy and rotate services Manage employee accounts and authorizations Stay current with emerging deployment and orchestration technologies Minimum Qualifications BS in Computer Science (or equivalent) Strong problem solving and analytical skills Experience with server deployment and configuration tools such as Ansible Proven experience with Linux environments Knowledge of configuration management tools such as Git and Jenkins Strong development skills in high level programming languages such as Python Ability to troubleshoot and debug server applicationsUnderstanding of Linux networking and remote process communications Ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with other top-tier engineers all over the world Desire to make a difference in the developing world Preferred Qualifications Management of AWS EC2 instances Experience with server monitoring systems such as Nagios Development of Docker containersKnowledge of DNS resolution and management of DNS zones Experience with VPN managementAbility to operate and maintain LDAP systems Understanding of software release management Experience creating secure systems and verifying their robustness Experience with OSTree systems and repository management Ability to clearly explain concepts and problems to employees and clients in non-technical terms Experience with Debian package management For more about the Endless mission, product and team, visit our website at https://endlessos.com/ . Endless is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity at Endless and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, veteran status, marital status or disability status. Apply for this job Endless Home Page Jobs powered byJob Summary DevOps Engineer Client Locations: San Francisco, CA/ Dallas, TX Candidates have to be based out of either San Francisco, CA or Dallas, TX as they have to be onsite once a week; otherwise can work remotely Duration: 6+ months contract Responsibilities: Work closely with the engineering and product management teams. Troubleshoot site outages and performance issues, including on-call response Manage continuous integration environment Automate, Implement, administer and maintain databases, local and cloud-based servers including provisioning, backups and restores, upgrades, and monitoring. Ensure product applications are Ops ready (logging, monitoring, packaging, HA, etc.) Load and Performance testing applications and services Assist in developing standards and procedures for packaging, deploying and automating software release Ensure security of the production infrastructure, systems and applications. Required Skills/Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent industry experience 5+ years Linux System Administration 3+ years coding/scripting experience (Python, Ruby, Bash, or Perl) 2+ years supporting the software development process Experience working with geographically diverse teams and locations including China, UK Experience in a fast-paced start up environment where IT solutions are critical to business success. Strong experience with DevOps technologies, cloud-based provisioning, monitoring, and troubleshooting Deep understanding of AWS, Docker and Kubernetes. Configuration Management (Terraform, Puppet or Chef, Ansible, etc.) Incident Management Experience building a DevOps organization from scratch Create a Continuous Integration pipeline using associated tools such as Go.CD or Jenkins Experience with Agile software development practices Familiarity with common open source technologies and tools Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience designing and maintaining a cloud based highly-available (HA) service-oriented-architecture (SOA). Regards, Melanie Da Costa Recruiting Manager Endure Technology Solutions Ph: 703-662-6008 Job Type: ContractDevOps Engineer San Francisco Technology Full-time Apply for this job Come drive the transformation of financial services, solve big problems and make a meaningful difference in people’s lives. Join the Upgrade team, the same team that built Lending Club and is now set to innovate again. Upgrade is combining a marketplace lending approach with credit monitoring and credit education features designed to be even more helpful to more people. The company is still at an early stage; this is your opportunity to join early and have a significant impact.  Come join a team of just over 100 talented and passionate fintech engineers, product, credit, finance, legal, compliance, operations and marketing professionals.  We are looking for new team members who get excited about constantly learning, and always seeking to design and implement new and better solutions. Responsibilities: Build and maintain a resilient, secure, and efficient cloud based platform to meet established SLAs Automate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response Monitor site stability and performance and troubleshoot site issues Scale infrastructure to meet rapidly increasing demand Manage cross-functional requirements working with Engineering, Product, Services, and other departments. Collaborate with developers to bring new features and services into production Develop and improve operational practices and procedures Proactively meet standards for information security and compliance, such as ISO, SOX, SSAE 16, etc. Skills: 3-5 years in AWS 5-7 years in Linux administration Advanced using configuration management tool - Chef and command execution frameworks. Strong understanding of system and networking concepts and troubleshooting techniques. In depth knowledge of AWS services and prior experience in developing Hands on experience in AWS provisioning. Advance experience in AWS Architecture and Services (prior experience required) Ability to design high availability applications on AWS across availability zones and availability regions. Ability to design applications on AWS taking advantage of disaster recovery design guidelines. Knowledge of application deployment and data migration on AWS. Prior experience in automated build pipeline, continuous integration and continuous deployment (Jenkins or similar) Knowledge of monitoring, logging and cost management tools that integrate with AWS. Ability to operate in an agile, entrepreneurial start-up environment. AWS certification is a plus Benefits/Perks: Great OPEN office location! Conveniently located in San Francisco Financial District Close to BART and Public Transportation Comprehensive benefits package: Medical, dental, & vision Unlimited vacation policy Kitchen stocked with beverages, snacks & treats Weekly & monthly social gatherings / happy hours We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status Apply for this job Upgrade Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Chargify  (View all jobs)  San Antonio    We're looking for special individuals to join the Chargify mission and serve customers on our operations engineering team.   You’ll be joining the team focused 100% on security, reliability, performance, and internal tooling.   This means backend-heavy work. Diagnosing hard problems, monitoring activity, building custom solutions, and delivering internal value.  Who Are We?  Chargify manages all parts of the revenue lifecycle for subscription and recurring revenue businesses.   The revenue lifecycle includes things like complex recurring billing, retention around failed/delinquent credit card payments, business analytics, and customer service tools for revenue operations. Think of Chargify as the operating system for subscription/recurring revenue businesses.  Since 2009, we have delighted thousands of merchants with our ease of use, customer service, and reliability.  Chargify’s culture is one of our secret weapons; check out our core values at https://www.chargify.com/blog/core-values/.  Our team is engaged, curious, funny, inclusive, thoughtful, smart and reliable.  You can expect to work on the following types of projects:   Refining  internal tools that help to coordinate and manage all our applications  Automating more of our AWS infrastructure  Building a workflow for helping other devs get up to speed with our environment  Helping to to test and launch our Docker cluster (Kubernetes anyone?)   Important credentials:   Extreme thirst to learn  3-5  years software development experience  Knowledge of Linux system administration  We're a payment processing company, so security is always tops of our list.   So you'll  always be working on the best ways to keep our customers' data safe. Knowledge of CORS, CSRF, XSS, HSTS, etc are very helpful.   Compare our word cloud to yours:  Do these things line up with what you know or have used in the past?   Ruby on Rails  AWS VPC  Ubuntu  MySQL  ElasticSearch  Influx  Ansible   Benefits:  US citizens will be eligible for our benefits package, which includes:   Medical, dental, and vision insurance plans  4 weeks paid time off annually  9 paid holidays each year  (Some holiday work needed on a rotating basis and will be compensated)  Company-paid Life and AD&D coverage with the option to purchase additional coverage  Company paid Short Term Disability coverage  401(k) plan  Medical and dependent care flexible spending accounts          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    Do you or will you in the future require sponsorship for a work visa? *   i.e. H1B, TN-1, etc.    --  Yes  No    Do you have a Git Hub ID? If so, please provide the link below. *        What Open Source project would you want to work with? *        LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Chargify are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               DevOps Engineer San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job The DevOps Engineer is a critical member of the production infrastructure team at Telmate.  The DevOps Engineer works closely with other DevOps Engineers, software developers, and hardware engineers to build new pieces of highly available infrastructure and maintain the existing infrastructure. As a DevOps Engineer at Telmate you will: ●  Build new Highly scalable redundant infrastructure on AWS and physical servers ●  Troubleshoot production issues ●  Create and implement automation tools ●  Develop strategy, processes, and shape our existing infrastructure ●  Work normal business hours  Requirements: ●  4-year degree in relevant field / or equivalent work experience ●  5-20 years of experience in DevOps or Linux Administration ●  Strong understanding of CentOS or Ubuntu ●  AWS command line tools ●  GIT, Jenkins, Chef/Puppet ●  Scripting and some programming skills ●  Network protocols ●  Monitoring solutions ●  Effective communication skills, Documentation ●  Great work ethics and attitude! Telmate is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Candidate will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, ancestry, disability, medical condition or national origin. San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Apply for this job GTL and Telmate Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer Redwood City, CA; San Francisco, CA; Portland, OR Engineering Full-Time Apply for this job About OpenGov As the leader in the exploding GovTech space, OpenGov is building software to transform the way government works: easy-to-use cloud software for better budgeting, improved reporting and operational intelligence, and comprehensive transparency and open data. OpenGov solutions give governments the right tools and relevant data for more informed decision-making and better outcomes for the public. We're innovating, solving big challenges and having fun while doing it. As a member of OpenGov's #NextGenOpenData engineering team, you'll spend much of your day building out infrastructure to ensure our deployments are fast and reliable and also play a key part in designing and building well-architected and efficient software. In this role you’ll have the opportunity to have a direct hand in taking CKAN - the leading open source open data platform that powers the largest data portals in the world ( data.gov , data.gov.uk , europeandataportal.eu , data.humdata.org , etc.) to the next level! Responsibilities • Help Manage Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure • Help Manage and Design Docker-based Microservices framework • Development of PoC and/or MVP services • Development of IT automation code/documents • Writing and maintaining systems documentation • Contribute towards building a great culture in a small team and company Qualifications • 4+ years of DevOps experience • Fluency with Linux/UNIX/UNIX-like command line (CLI) commands • Solid grasp of IPv4 networking (subnets, routing, VLANs) • Familiarity with AWS/Cloud Native Computing • Familiarity with Docker • Familiarity with IT Automation tools (Chef and/or Ansible preferred) Apply for this job OpenGov Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job As a DevOps Engineer at Clara, you will architect, implement, and administer our AWS-based infrastructure. In addition, you will lead and contribute to the development of tools that help us monitor, configure, and scale our infrastructure. You will use your experience and expertise in both preventative and responsive situations. DevOps is already part of our engineering team’s DNA, so rather than dealing with daily operations and on-call schedules, you’ll get to create the tools and frameworks that empower and guide our developers to operate their own services effectively. You’re helping transform how families across America access capital by creating a novel, online borrowing experience. You’re part of an early, growing team that’s working to build a unified system to modernize an antiquated yet critical industry. Being an Engineer at Clara means being part of a diverse team whose backgrounds range from biology to finance, and whose interests range from round-the-clock coffee drinking to camping in Botswana to mentoring with Women Who Code. We care deeply about choosing the right tools for the job, building systems designed for longevity, and fostering a culture of continuous learning. Clara is a modern, technology-enabled lender backed by top venture capital firms based in downtown San Francisco and our mission is to improve people’s lives by reimagining how lending works. Our team brings together the best of Silicon Valley tech, financial services, the mortgage industry and the federal government. It’s an uncommon mix that allows us to tackle the biggest problems in consumer finance. Come join us! WHAT YOU'LL DO Make the most efficient use of DevOps technologies such as Docker, Terraform, and Chef. Implement the right tool for the job when necessary Use understanding and empathy for your customers to produce a highly efficient environment Contribute to an environment that enables our engineering teams to build, release, and operate their own microservices Participate in architecting, implementing, and administering our AWS-based infrastructure to support consumer-facing web applications, backend business workflow engines, and data pipelines Use best-in-class monitoring and self-healing techniques to efficiently scale with our business Work with, teach, and learn from an awesome team that is fun, devoted to personal growth, and committed to building something meaningful, lasting, and impactful ABOUT YOU You see both sides of DevOps - development and operations, and see how they are intertwined and influence each other. You adopt the philosophies behind DevOps and enjoy working in such collaborative environments. You care about continuous integration, reliable deployments, sensible configuration management, etc., because they catch errors early and improve both system stability and developer efficiency You’re lazy in the right ways - you have  a focus on building tools, systems and patterns, not manual firefighting You have built reusable systems, and are familiar with modern tools to reliably, consistently and repeatedly manage them - solid, supported, and maintained tools; not: post-it notes, tribal knowledge, or prayer You are well-versed in security best practices and defense mechanisms, and you have practiced them consistently 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, Systems Engineer or Systems Administrator 2+ years managing a non-trivial system architecture in AWS. Our current system has ~200 nodes serving 2 web applications, with more than a dozen back-end microservices across several environments; this is likely to grow significantly to support on-demand environments, more complex analytics, additional workflows, etc. Apply for this job Clara Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Moogsoft is the creator of Moogsoft AIOps - a next generation approach to IT Operations and Analytics driven by real-time machine learning. Moogsoft AIOps helps Enterprises & Service Providers deliver consistently excellent customer experiences, regardless of the underlying complexity or dynamic nature of the supporting infrastructure. We are seeking a talented DevOps Engineering Intern to join our forward-thinking engineering team. You must be a self-motivated team player who will thrive in a dynamic, self-organizing team. We are looking for natural innovators who strive to continuously improve and learn.  Moogsoft Engineers are a tight-knit group of high-performers. We don’t believe in large teams; we opt for small, diverse groups that move fast, communicate clearly and achieve more. We try to choose the right tool for the job. Who We Are Looking For: 1+ years rock-solid coding in a several well-known languages/paradigms ( Java in particular). Strong cloud/devops fluency ( aws/azure in particula ). Strong working knowledge of Linux ( RHEL/CentOS in particular ). Proficiency in data handling ( translation and core sql fluency ). Solid understanding of key IT concepts/protocols across the OSI stack. Knowledge of data science / language processing applied theory a plus. Moogsoft Perks and Benefits: Unlimited vacation and sick day policy. Competitive salary, 401(k) plan and equity to all employee. Attractive benefits package including health and dental coverage. Fully stocked kitchen and catered meals. Opportunity for career development in a fast-paced, progressive company. Team volunteering events and off-site outings. Corporate sports teams – bring your A-game, we like to win! Game room equipped with ping pong, foosball and dart. Apply for this job Moogsoft Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at 6sense  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    Job Title: DevOps Engineer  Location: Sunnyvale or San Francisco, CA  6sense is a Predictive Intelligence Engine that is re-imagining how B2B companies do sales and marketing. We work with big data at scale and use advanced machine learning to find buyers and predict which companies will purchase from our customers, when and how much.  DevOps Engineers at 6sense are true hybrid developers and operations engineers. They are responsible for ensuring our services and infrastructure are fast, stable, and scalable. They also build out any services and tooling we need that are not already attainable via open source packages. Operational tasks such as infrastructure, build/release, and systems administration also fall within their realm of responsibilities.  The drive of our visionary CEO and the quality of our work has lead to unprecedented success of our product with customers like Cisco, Dell, Netsuite, Bluejeans, etc.  We are venture funded by the likes of Battery Ventures, Venrock, Bain and Salesforce.  Join us to enable the 6sense teams build a better predictive platform which helps companies find their next customer.    Responsibilities:    Develop and deploy services to improve the availability, ease of management, and visibility of 6sense systems.  Contribute to building and scaling out our infrastructure.  Learning and adopting new technologies that may aide in solving our challenges.   Own our systems like our Hadoop cluster, front-end/back-end services, infrastructure components like our Memcache infrastructure, and everything in between    Write and review code, develop documentation and capacity plans, and debug the production problems    Write code and build services that will be used in production      Minimum Qualifications:    1+ years of experience with Linux/Unix system administration and networking fundamentals  Experience with modern configuration management tools (e.g. Ansible, Chef, Puppet) and idempotency  Strong skills in reading code as well as writing clean, maintainable, and scalable code  Good knowledge of Python  3+ years in a Developer and/or DevOps-related role or equivalent experience  Experience building and maintaining scalable SOA infrastructure  Exposure to Docker  Knowledge of standard security practices  Experience with high-availability   Bonus Requirements:    Knowledge and understanding of Java and related tools (e.g. Maven, Dropwizard, etc)  Exposure to modern build systems such as Bazel, Buck, or Pants  Knowledge of the Hadoop ecosystem including deployment and maintenance            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job? *        Will you now or in the future require Sponsorship for employment Visa status?  (e.g., H-IB or other visa status)    --  Yes  No    I certify that the information provided on this application is true and accurate to the best of knowledge.  I understand that withholding of information or giving false information may prevent me from receiving an offer of employment, may result in a withdrawal of an employment offer, or may result in my discharge from employment if I am already employed at the time the false statement or omission is discovered. *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                    Coresystems is a privately held field service software company helping mid- and large enterprises manage field services. Our solution brings together the right data at the right moment to delight customers and drive business results - all delivered in the cloud to any mobile device with artificial intelligence in real-time. We’re transforming field service with cutting edge technology to help companies create perfect service moments and delight customers.  Our young and innovative company is looking for a    Senior DevOps Engineer      THE ROLE  As Senior DevOps Engineer you are responsible for installing new software releases and system upgrades, evaluating and installing patches and resolving software related problems. Additionally you will perform system backups and recoveries. You will work in a young and motivated team and be responsible for guiding our junior systems administrators. With your solid experience and know-how you will be part in planning and accomplishing our goals. We are looking forward to your personal "Core Moments"!    CURIOUS ABOUT THE DAY-TO-DAY?  Set up and installation, operation, maintenance and configuration of different systems Troubleshoot and test for all systems support and advice for other team members Enforcement of IS security standards as directed, to include user and privileged accounts Recommendation of hardware and software requirements Writing of automation scripts and other scripts needed Evaluation and installation of software including patches and upgrades Responsible for preventive maintenance    CURIOUS IF YOU ARE FIT?  Bachelor’s degree in a technical field Solid professional experience At least 4 years’ experience in administration of Linux operating system (Debian or Ubuntu distributions prefered) Excellent knowledge of TCP/IP Networking Significant knowledge in database technologies (Postgresql and SQL), installing maintaining and troubleshooting on operation system level Advanced skills in system automation tools Knowledge in writing, troubleshooting and improving puppet modules as well as lib functions and facters Expert skills in bash scripting, ruby scripting is big advantage Knowledge of java application servers and web servers, knowledge of Tomcat, Apache httpd and Nginx is big advantage Experience with HA technologies - HaProxy knowledge is big advantage Solid knowledge of the HTTP protocol and RESTful APIs Experience with Node.js based applications Skills in Docker and Kubernetes (or similar) are a big plus Experience in Cloud technologies - Amazon Cloud knowledge is big advantage Ability to multi-task and work in a deadline driven environment Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Ability to quickly assess problems and find workable solutions Skilled to synthesize information, distill relevant facts and reach logical conclusions Fluency in English, German is a plus   JOIN US, BECAUSE  We are an enthusiastic, cool company and we like to have fun – during working hours and outside them We really engage ourselves in developing our products and take pride in delivering results Stretching yourself to achieve challenging goals is satisfying to us In our open culture, we welcome other opinions and enjoy discussing solutions The flexible and dynamic working environment gives us a lot of freedom and enables us to perform at a high level Our skills and know-how are up-to-date thanks to the yearly training courses we attend. We also offer the opportunity to travel to our other locations for know-how sharing We support mobile communication (iPhone / Android bought for you) and mobility costs Unpaid leave is an extra cool benefits This opportunity is based in San Francisco, CA and is restricted to candidates legally able to work in the United States. Relocation assistance is not available.    CONTACT Hanna Bergner HR & Recruiting Specialist    Have we piqued your interest? We look forward to receiving your online application .   » back to job market          Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Airware  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Airware Cloud team is looking for an engineer who will be responsible for building, expanding and maintaining our Cloud platform infrastructure, and for enabling the rest of the engineering team to develop high quality code efficiently. You will work with our Kubernetes cluster on AWS, set up monitoring and alerting and help geo-distribute data across the globe. Our ideal candidate stays up to date with latest technologies and leverages tools to automate as much of infrastructure management as possible.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities   Increase developer efficiency by building feature environments  Improve our infrastructure with the latest Kubernetes features  Set up new geo-distributed clusters with centralized control  Build monitoring tooling for issues in our Kubernetes cluster  Automate platform infrastructure management     Necessary Skills and Experience   Experience in professional software development  Understanding of Kubernetes concepts  Experience Terraform  Familiarity with Docker, Python, Golang and databases such as PostgreSQL  Good grasp of continuous integration and deployment  Ability to manage and maintain a platform     How to Apply and What to Expect:  In addition to a resume, please include a short explanation of your background, accomplishments (links to past projects are always helpful), and what excites you about Airware. This will help us to get a multi-dimensional view of who you are and connect you with the right person at Airware.  Be prepared to have a detailed technical discussion with a member of our team over the phone or via video chat.    About Airware:  Airware provides secure and scalable solutions that enable enterprises to digitize their business and turn aerial data into actionable business intelligence. World-class enterprises look to Airware to improve productivity, operational efficiency, and worker safety. Airware has raised more than $90 million to date from leading venture capital investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers, and Next World Capital, with strategic investments from enterprise customers and partners including Caterpillar Ventures, GE Ventures, Google Ventures, and Intel Capital. Airware’s Americas headquarters are located in San Francisco, CA and EMEA headquarters in Paris, France. For more information, go to Airware.com or follow Airware on Twitter: @Airware .          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Do you require visa sponsorship? Due to the Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the company is unable at this time to sponsor work visas for individuals from certain countries designated in the EAR.       Please indicate all countries for which you hold citizenship. Due to the Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the company is prohibited from hiring employees who hold citizenships from certain countries designated in the EAR.                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Whistle  San Francisco    The DevOps Engineer will be responsible for creating and maintaining the infrastructure that powers Whistle products. This person will work in our San Francisco office with Software Engineering, Data Science, and Firmware teams to codify and deploy infrastructure and also implement delivery pipelines to ensure systems stay reliable and performant.    You will:    Monitor and manage our systems using third-party services such as  New Relic, PagerDuty, DataDog, and Sentry    Strategically identify bottlenecks and vulnerabilities in our infrastructure and help define remedies and infrastructure additions    Collaborate with other DevOps and Software Engineers in our 24/7 on-call rotation    Profiles that interest us:    Autonomous, passionate individuals with experience across the stack    Experience working in high-scale environments    Knowledge of and experience working with IaaS (e.g. AWS, GCP) and PaaS (e.g. Heroku)    Belief in "Infrastructure as Code" (IaC), including experience with Hashicorp’s open source tools such as  Terraform, Consul and Packer    Strong background in sound agile software development principles    Experience running containerized workloads in production and at scale    Experience working with CI/CD tools including Bamboo or Jenkins    Exposure working on a remote team    Treats best practices for security as a requirement, not an afterthought    Contributor to open source software           Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       GitHub Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Very Good Security (“VGS”) provides an agile and efficient way for businesses to secure and utilize their sensitive data. Founded by highly successful serial entrepreneurs and backed by world-class investors and top tier VCs, VGS is building an amazing global team. As a young and growing company, we’re laser focused on delighting our customers and hiring talented and entrepreneurial-minded individuals to help us to secure the world's data. We are looking for a seasoned DevOps Engineer who has practical experience with secure network environments. The successful candidate will own, oversee, scale and improve our infrastructure while finding creative and pragmatic solutions for automating development and testing environments. Technologies we use AWS Java, Python, Go, Ruby Jenkins, CircleCi PostgreSQL Ansible Docker Kubernetes Distributed, log based architecture What you'll do Bridge the gap between Development and Ops by reducing uncertainties of release and change. It also brings down risk factors involved in various stages of release management i.e. Build, Deploy, Test, and Continuous Improvement. Analyse performance and capacity for all components in the engineering lab environments. Evaluate advancements in DevOps, new infrastructure and tools; look for ways to bring more effectiveness and efficiency. What we expect Good understanding of distributed web application architecture. Solid experience managing cloud infrastructure (AWS is a priority). Working understanding of the programming languages, such as Bash, Python, Go, and Java. Continuous Integration experience (Jenkins, CircleCi). Experience with PostgreSQL. Experience with IT Automation Tools (Ansible). Virtualization and Orchestration experience (Docker, Kubernetes). Previous experience working within secure environments a huge plus. Benefits and perks Highly subsidized individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage Company sponsored 401k plan Market competitive compensation package Monthly wellness stipend Generous vacation policy 12 company paid holidays Job Type: Full-timePosition Overview: We're looking for a highly talented DevOps Engineer to join our tech team. Do you think you're the ideal candidate? Then you are obsessed with automation, configuration management, cloud computing, and uptime. You have years of experience working with highly available Linux Systems running on VMWare and in public clouds like AWS. You are passionate about working with development engineers to get more done faster with less effort using technologies like Chef and Docker, along with continuous delivery tools like Jenkins. For this position, you should have good communication skills and enjoy working both on individual tasks and as part of a team of engineers working to solve problems in rapidly changing environment. Key skills we’re looking for include: Expert-level knowledge of Linux systems with 10+ years of professional experience 2+ years of DevOps or development experience in similar environments Very strong experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Strong experience with Chef (preferred), Puppet, Ansible, or similar tools. Significant scripting experience in Ruby, Bash, or similar Clear and confident interpersonal and communications skills Ability to make quick decisions as well as thoughtful, well researched plans Track record with researching, implementing and improving a range of technologies Ability to act as an escalation point and mentor for others on your team Significant professional experience in 24x7 enterprise environments Pluses include: Networking Experience, preferably with Cisco Routers and firewalls and Cisco and Arista switches Experience with VMWare 5+ Experience with EMC SAN devices and/or Network Attached Storage Job Type: Contract Job Location: San Francisco, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Linux: 10 years AWS: 3 years Chef: 2 years VMWare 5+: 1 year Devops: 2 years Puppet: 1 year scripting: 2 years Required license or certification: W2      Log In    Register    Jobs    Back to Website          DevOps Engineer     Email           Tweet     Location: San Francisco, CA   Date Posted: 11-07-2017      Apply Now        THIS IS NOT A REMOTE OPPORTUNITY / NO THIRD PARTY VENDORS   Who is Taos? Taos is an IT consulting and services company that offers expertise across the strategic, management and tactical layers of IT and engineering organizations. As part of the nation's IT landscape since 1989, we offer opportunities that will allow you to achieve your career goals and objectives.  We're changing the face of some of the most innovative companies with our diverse solution offerings, exceptional talent and thought leadership. Our clients look to us first for advice, insight, and support, driving us to relentlessly focus on customer success.  Taos is immediately hiring a DevOps Engineer for a cutting-edge tech company in San Francisco, CA !   Who you are: You are a passionate DevOps engineer with strong bias to action, excellent analytical skills, and a taste for good engineering. You thrive in an environment where you are constantly presented with a variety of new challenges with an enormous scope. You are a fast learner, able to quickly adopt new tools and technologies while hitting the ground running. The opportunity to work on a true engineering team, building rather than supporting, is an exciting prospect for you. You are eager to join an organization that fosters diversity in both thought and people.   What you’ll be doing:   Working in an all engineering department building new software (no support)  Migrating one system to another  Performing SRE work on tooling for production operations, incident response, logging, alerting, and monitoring management  Automating anything and everything you can  Migrating to Spinnaker to improve deployment    What you’ll bring to the table:   At least 5 years of experience in a DevOps/SRE role  Expert-level Python skills  Salt and/or Terraform experience in a production environment  Proficient systems-level knowledge in Linux  A strong desire to automate  Docker and Kubernetes is a plus    Let’s talk about us: Some IT professionals watch their careers shoot straight up. Others spend years at one company after another struggling to get noticed and stay on top of developing technologies. If you are looking for a place that puts employees first while staying on the cutting edge of technology, come to Taos. We’ll immerse you in multiple environments and operating technologies, give you access to the collaboration of a strong technical community, and expose you to IT innovation as it happens in real-time. With unparalleled adaptability, you have the opportunity to leverage Taos as an employer to be successful.   Referrals: We love referrals so much that we pay for them! If you know someone that you would recommend, click HERE or go to our website at http://www.taos.com/it-talent/opportunities/and we will do the rest! We'll make sure that you receive the $1000 referral bonus after they are employed with us.   Compensation: Our compensation package includes a competitive salary, medical and dental insurance, 401k, paid vacation, sick time and holiday pay, plus loads of free training (Puppet, Chef, Nagios, LAMP Stack, PMP, ITIL, Python, etc.)!   How to apply: If you’re interested in this position or know someone who is, please email your resume (Word or PDF format) and contact information to opportunities@taos.com .  Taos Mountain, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.  Veterans are encouraged to apply!  E-Verify Participant: This employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please go to http://www.taos.com/it-talent/opportunities/ and review the E-Verify Participant and Right to Work links for more information.  #LI-POST             Apply Now      or                        All jobs → Senior DevOps Engineer   Senior DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description Why Work At Forge? At Forge, we’re creating a product that changes lives. Imagine a world where all hourly workers can finally choose their work hours, have control over how much money they make each month and legitimately enjoy their work...all because of you. Joining the Forge team means you’ll be hands-on in designing and building this dream which will benefit millions of people across the globe. In addition to having a real impact on the world, you’ll be joining one of the most well-connected, venture-backed teams in San Francisco who have a previous acquisition under their belt. Who We're Looking For Forge is looking for an experienced DevOps engineer to manage our growing infrastructure. We are doing things the "right" way from the get-go: fully automated and version controlled. Our apps require nearly 100% uptime and will face massive growth in traffic and complexity in a short amount of time. We are seeking smart, motivated individuals who have a passion for changing the world through software. Most importantly, we’re looking for someone who will take the reins and start building. About The Job You'll be working alongside iOS and Android engineers building the Forge platform and championing DevOps. Requirements Culture  Focus on shipping quality software -- and testing it before you ship  Product-minded: You’re not just building software, you’re making it  Appreciation of full ownership of your work-product, from design to deployment  Have empathy with our target audience and know the value of a simple, intuitive product  What We're Looking For  Expert knowledge of all things AWS  Experience with microservice architectures  Full proficiency in UNIX/Linux administration  Managing automated build & deploy processes  Familiarity with "infrastructure as code" tools, such as Terraform or Cloudformation  It's Even Better If You  Have 3+ years of experience  Are curious about the Future of Work  Like learning new skills & frameworks  Want to make a huge impact on the world  Want to work with a dynamic, experienced team  Are familiar with any of the HashiCorp stack, in particular Terraform, Packer, and Consul  Benefits  Stock  Apple Equipment  Unlimited Vacation  Competitive Salary     Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Forge website  Powered by Workable     Senior DevOps Infrastructure Engineer Location: San Francisco, CA We are hiring a DevOps Engineer who has five years of deep understanding in the strategy, framework and delivery of next-generation automation, monitoring, deployment platforms. You will also have the ability to shape the architecture and infrastructure to smoothly run our systems and automate all aspects of our environment. We run a hybrid. multi-cloud environment, GKE, Kubernetes, GCE Google Cloud Computing. An expert on DevOps best practices with AWS, OpenStack, Cloud Formation, Auto Scaling Groups, and Configuration Management Perform overall analysis on best practices develop and structure emerging concepts in DevOps, Infrastructure Automation, and Enterprise Security Hands on experience with managing production environments on AWS or cloud PaaS Be able to provide technical leadership in the development of a mobile platform Qualifications: Bachelors or Masters (Masters preferred) in Computer Science or related area of study 4-7+ years of DevOps experience including AWS, Google Cloud, GKE, Docker and Kubernetes Strong and hands on with the Linux Operating System Redhat or Amazon Linux preferred Experience with configuration automation tools Puppet, Ansible, Chef Cloud Monitoring tools Splunk, DataDog, ELK, Elastic Search Continuous Integration and Deployment (Jenkins, CloudBees) Job Type: Full-time Job Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: DevOps: 4 yearsSystems Engineer / DevOps San Francisco Castle Global – Backend Full-time Apply for this job Castle Global is building machine learning enabled technology products in a number of verticals across both consumer and enterprise spaces. Our consumer apps span social discovery, mobile Q&A, and e-commerce, and we've already had over 100M users collectively across our properties. Our enterprise visual intelligence platform Hive powers all of our consumer properties in content recommendation, and we have started productizing and commercializing Hive for external customers. We're working with some of the world's largest technology and content businesses to change the way they analyze unstructured image and video data. We are funded by leading investors like Peter Thiel (Founders Fund), General Catalyst, and Formation8. We have ~100 people globally, based in our San Francisco and Delhi offices. Our unique machine learning needs led us to open our own datacenter in early 2016, with an emphasis on GPU resources. Even with our datacenter, we maintain a hybrid infrastructure into AWS to power some parts of our consumer apps. As we continue to commercialize our machine learning models, we also need to grow our DevOps and Systems team to maintain the reliability of a SaaS offering for our customers. The ideal candidate doesn’t need to be actively managed and take automation seriously. You believe there is no task that can’t be automated or server scale too large. You get satisfaction from allowing developers to deploy their servers without worry of downtime! Responsibilities Create automation tools for creating, provisioning, and deploying servers Build tools to streamline the deployment of releases and hot-fixes Configure and monitor data center infrastructure (load balancer, firewall, switches, instances, etc.) Help automate systems for 24x7 monitoring and failure recovery Bring expertise on troubleshooting application, database, and networking performance and failures Continually identify areas for process improvement in the production environment and develop appropriate resolutions About You You take automation seriously You have fought fires at scale, wrestled with lost instances on AWS, and can troubleshoot awry processes and servers with your eyes closed You have at least 2 years of work experience in a Linux-based DevOps role You have AWS cloud management experience You know at least one language well, and enjoy writing code Extremely proficient with the Unix command line, shell scripting, and configuring systems monitoring tools Knowledge of all things networking: TCP / IP, ICMP, SSH, DNS, HTTP, SSL / TLSKnowledge of storage systems, RAID, distributed file systems, NFS?iSCSI / CIFS You have experience with configuration management, monitoring, and automation tools Working knowledge of firewalls, VPN, routing, switching, load balancing, security, and DNS Ability to compile and install Unix application from source, test, and create package managed versions of such You have a strong desire and ability to learn quickly You are excited about providing services that affect tens of millions of users A degree in computer science, or similar, is an added plus! Thank you for your interest in joining Castle. Apply for this job Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Software Engineer - DevOps  at Mode  (View all jobs)  San Francisco     Data analysis is plagued by a fundamentally flawed workflow that leads to slow turnaround times, high error rates, and fewer insights. By combining analytics tools with a collaborative user experience, Mode is alleviating the most pressing bottleneck for analytical organizations. We are looking for a DevOps web engineer to join us in revolutionizing the way the world analyzes data. This person will be an integrated part of our core engineering team.   What you'll do    Work with the rest of our software engineers to build application services that power our core product  Research and evaluate technologies for what we build - determine priorities by estimating projects' potential impact  Configuration management  Expand and improve our build and release automation process  Work with our team to define and implement security practices  Learn from others and teach those around you - you'll be the second full-time DevOps engineer at Mode!    What we look for    Strong software development background with experience in at least one scripting language  You love to automate yourself out of a job  Tons of experience with configuration management tools  Experience with testing, continuous integration, and continuous deployment  Familiarity with security and networking a plus    Tools we use    SaltStack and AWS CloudFormation for configuration management and orchestration  Docker  A wide array of AWS services including EC2, RDS and Redshift  New Relic and Wavefront for monitoring  SumoLogic for log management  GitHub and Travis CI    About Mode  Mode is a collaborative analytics platform that brings teams together around data to make game-changing decisions.  In everything we do, we strive to put the people we do it for first. This starts internally: together we're building a culture that embraces diversity and learning, humility and gratitude. At the same time, we try not to take ourselves too seriously and strive for a healthy balance between work and personal pursuits.  Benefits you can expect as a Mode employee:    Generous, flexible PTO and family leave  Flexible work schedules—we trust you to know what will make yourself most productive  Generous professional development policy that includes funds earmarked for each employee's discretionary professional growth—Have a conference you want to attend? A class you want to take? If it's helping take your career to the next level, it's on us.  Excellent health coverage for team members and their families (Mode pays the 100% of the premiums)  Supportive work environment and a manager who is focused on your professional growth  Company events that highlight our team's passions and hobbies  Snacks and in-office lunches shared at our ever-growing lunch table    Mode is committed to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcome people from all backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives.          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Mode are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Software Engineer - DevOps San Francisco, CA Clients Platform & Product Development – Science Full-time Apply for this job The Science Engineering team is looking for a DevOps Engineer to help us build usable, scalable, and reliable systems. Our team develops and operates the real-time behavioral data pipeline, which collects, processes, and distributes data to other teams. You would make every step of the software lifecycle faster through better tools, processes, and abstractions, and build tools to manage distributed infrastructure running on Spark and Hadoop. Our systems power decision making throughout the company through hundreds of end users, and we have a constantly growing list of systems that consume our data. Responsibilities Learn, extend, and maintain Science Engineering’s build, deploy, config, metrics, and alerting systems Work with other engineers to determine tool requirements, then drive the implementation, documentation, maintenance, and improvement of these tools Review current tools to identify deficiencies Keep up with tool ecosystems, both internal and external, and integrate the best into science engineering Develop and communicate a clear vision of how products should function Participate in creating standard frameworks and libraries for internal tools Requirements 2+ years experience in software development Background in Linux/Unix Automation and Administration Experience with containerization like Docker and lxc Experience with automation/configuration management using either Ansible, Puppet, Chef or an equivalent Excellent command of at least one programming language Excellent communicator and team player A strong desire to minimize the operational overhead of systems, large and small Experience orchestrating distributed systems such as Spark and Hadoop Ability to learn new languages (Go, Python) and technologies quickly You know how to ship code in fast, iterative cycles Bonus Points A degree in Computer Science or equivalent academic background Experience with big data and data visualization Hands-on experience building services using Amazon Web Services Avid user of Twitch or passion for video games Perks Full benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life 401(k) savings plan with a company match Catered daily lunch and dinners (and hearty breakfasts three times a week) Unlimited snacks and drinks Monthly in-office massages Corporate gym membership Commuter benefits Flexible time off policy Weekly happy hours and opportunity to attend one gaming event or tournament Top of the line technology to help you build your own workspace Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at http://twitch.tv . We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. #LI-MS1 Apply for this job Twitch Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer San Francisco, California 4P Digital Technologies Full-time Apply for this job Imagine waking up and being part of a team with game changing ambitions and limits beyond belief. Your peers are capable, pleasant and multicultural - they do not only listen to your ideas, they help you chase them. To boot, you can even be yourself and don’t need to look like a movie star every day or bend yourself in any direction. You will work in a highly collaborative environment that mirrors more of a startup than a big company where you can always express your opinions and thoughts.  Maybe you’re still dreaming and this is a unicorn riding on the back of a burgundy elephant – but maybe it’s not. Roles and Responsibilities We are building a product that will provide a collaborative working space for entrepreneurs. We strongly believe that we are building a competent and capable product, and are looking for team players who want to take up the challenge of solving problems together. We want people who want to question the idea and brainstorm on it with the team. You will have to define your own tasks, prioritise them and be able to work on them simultaneously. You should be self motivated and be able to organise your own self within the project. You will have to take ownership and responsibility instead of receiving instructions - and there will definitely be a lot of learning, experimenting and fun. We are looking for DevOps Engineers who are detail oriented and have a knack for finding the best practices in DevOps. As of now, you will work with Nginx and Docker on an AWS Architecture. Basic Qualifications Nginx, AWS Services and AWS Networking System Administration, Unix / Linux Git, GitLab / GitHub / BitBucket Fluent in English Preferred Qualifications Docker, Docker Compose Cluster Management - Swarm / Fleet / Flannel CI/CD Pipelines Shell Scripting, CoreOS Appreciated Qualifications Automation, Testing, Containerisation, Provisioning, Monitoring, Horizontal and Vertical Scaling We would love to see your projects and your code. Do share your website and any other link with us. For example, live projects hosted on Heroku or your GitHub, StackOverflow, HackerRank profiles. Apply for this job 4P Home Page Jobs powered by    Versal     All jobs → DevOps Engineer   DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · DevOps   Description In this role, you’ll work collaboratively with our engineering team to deploy and operate multiple application systems, automate and streamline our operations and processes, and build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations. This is an on-site position based in our San Francisco office with flexible scheduling opportunities. Requirements  4+ years of software development experience  Strong background in Linux/Unix Administration, especially Ubuntu  Experience with automation/configuration management using Chef 12/13  In-depth understanding of AWS, especially EC2, RDS, VPC, CloudFront  Strong experience with SQL and MySQL/MariaDb (NoSQL experience is a plus, too, since we also use Redis)  Percona and Galera knowledge is a definite plus  A working understanding of code and script (Ruby, Perl, bash, JavaScript)  Knowledge of best practices and operations in an always-up, always-available SaaS service  An eye to securing hosts, dealing with security vendors, and maintaining systems with the latest patches  Versal is committed to creating a diverse company culture and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.    Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Versal website  Powered by Workable         Postman     All jobs → DevOps Engineer   DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description We're looking for an experienced DevOps Engineer for our San Francisco office, who will own the reliability, scalability, security and the ease of management of our SaaS Platforms . You'll work closely with members of the engineering teams, and report to our VP of Engineering. We want talented engineers with strong foundations who can pick up new tools on the fly. We want you to share our passion for developing products that will help make the lives of API developers and consumers easier. Responsibilities:  Design and implement the tools and processes used for deployment and change management.  Own, maintain, and continuously improve all systems.  Engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, anticipating performance bottlenecks and provisioning new hardware as necessary.  Run software performance analysis and system tuning.  Requirements  Passion for automation, simplicity, consistency, security, availability, and scalability of systems.  3+ years of experience with the Amazon Web Services stack  Experience in a customer facing 24x7 environment, contributing directly to systems architecture  Advanced knowledge of UNIX/Linux.  Strong sense of ownership, drive and an obsessive attention to detail.  Good to have: Experience with MySQL databases  Benefits We offer competitive salary, benefits, and options, and we're located right on Market Street in downtown San Francisco.    Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Postman website  Powered by Workable        Job Search | Post Resume                DevOps Engineer    Category:   IT Operations    Description:   As we transition from our relationship with our existing web development partner to a more in-house setup, we are seeking guidance and support to determine a scaled-down protocol for development operations (DevOps) and system administration.    Requirements:   The operational goals for our organization are to: ●	Rapidly deploy small-scale features and bug fixes, assuming a single or pair of in-house developers ●	To have simple code deployment from source control, to a staging environment, and finally to a production, live environment. ●	To have simple migration of content data from production to staging and a local development environment ●	To be sure that our server environments can stay up to date in as simple a fashion as possible Scope of work To achieve this, we are seeking a contract partner who can help us set up systems and teach best practices in order for us to keep moving forward with our in-house team. ●	Work with us to identify a best-fit architecture using off-the shelf components for our needs ●	Create a migration plan and cutover schedule no more than 45 days from our current pipeline ●	Train in-house staff on basic use and best practices of installed components ●	Develop documentation with in-house staff for common system operations to complete project.  Expertise required ●	Demonstrated expertise in DevOps system architecture and deployment for Node.js AND WordPress applications ●	Experience with small-scale, limited resource teams. Non-profit experience preferred ●	Ability to demonstrate, train, and document processes for new systems  Some of our considerations ●	With our small-scale resources, we value simplicity and low overhead over customization and state-of-the-art. ●	We are not currently looking to trade out our basic architecture, namely: ○	WordPress using Bedrock framework with WP-API for content management ○	Node.js using Hapi framework for web app, using React.js for front end We?re currently using an Amazon Web Services-based deployment?we?re open other resources if they can satisfy our needs for simplicity and low maintenance.    Location   San Francisco , CA    Minimum Experience (yrs):       Required Education:   BS    Benefits:       Return to search results  Email this job to a friend  Share this job on Facebook  *Logged in members may also add jobs to their job cart         Apply Now  Devops Engineer  at Airtime  San Francisco, CA    About Airtime  Today, online means alone. We're changing that. We are charting the course for the next era of the Internet: live, shared experiences. We're building a new way to use the Internet—together.  That’s why we’re pioneering a new kind of social experience, one designed for togetherness.  At its core, Airtime is a social platform for doing whatever together. Gather with your people to explore the Internet: group video, listen to music, chat, watch stuff, send pictures, GIFs, and more.  Our company was founded a few years ago by Sean Parker and Shawn Fanning and is backed by Kleiner Perkins, Andreessen Horowitz, Google Ventures, Founders Fund, and a host of other amazing partners.  Role  Responsible for “DevOps” at a fast-growing startup with locations in Palo Alto, San Francisco, and NYC.  Combination sys-admin/SRE/operations.  You’ll work very closely with the backend and client teams- responsibilities change as the company scales, so huge potential for learning and growth opportunities, and building out a team.  We feel very strongly at Airtime that routine tasks should be automated, deployments should be easy, and infrastructure should be fault-tolerant.  This means we use TDD, continuous integration/deployment, and systems are self-healing (i.e., if a host goes down, it’s replaced automatically).  At a high level, you should be interested in solving problems like “how could we replace this instance faster?”, “how could we build a system that can handle a 500x spike in RPM?”, “how can I make this Docker image smaller, so I can speed builds up 15%?”.  Responsibilities   Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation  Maintain and improve existing infrastructure (build out autoscaling, support new services)  Troubleshoot and address infrastructure issues  Automate recurring tasks (for example, syncing data from the production Mongo cluster to a reporting server)  Maintain and improve existing build and deployment processes across all teams (Android, iOS, backend)  Enforce best practices for security and reliability across the organization   Must haves   Expert level AWS knowledge.  Familiarity with both the console and the CLI is a plus.  General familiarity with monitoring/troubleshooting.  Most importantly the ability to address an issue, and trace it back to a root cause.  General familiarity with networking and security  General familiarity with microservices/container architecture  *nix familiarity:  company works off OSX, servers are Ubuntu + Amazon linux  Basic scripting knowledge (bash preferred)  Self directed learner and worker   Tools we use   AWS (VPC, Route53, EC2/ELB/ASG, Redshift, ECS, Elasticache, SNS/SQS, DynamoDB, ECR, Lambda, Cloudfront, Cloudwatch, RDS)  Docker  MongoDB  CircleCI and Jenkins  Git  New Relic and Sumologic  PagerDuty  Ansible  Vagrant  Node.js  Redis  Nginx  Supervisor  Fastlane   Are you in?  Airtime Leadership  Sean Parker , Founder & Executive Chairman  Daniel Klaus , President  Thomas Purnell-Fisher , Chief Product Officer  Sanidhya Khilnani , VP of Product  Prakash Ramakrishna , Vice President of Engineering, Airtime West  Jesse Rabek , Vice President of Application Engineering  Erik Martin , Vice President of Marketing             Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Do you have experience working with AWS? *     --  Yes  No    What specific AWS services have you used? *        Will you now or in the future require sponsorship? *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Job Summary Duration: 6+ months Location: San Francisco, CA Linkedin Needed Preferred Skills: 1.) Sonar Qube 2.) Atlassian tools (JIRA, Confluence, Hipchat). 3.) Jenkins 4.) Bitbucket 5.) Groovy Scripting Qualifications: 1. Jenkins or Ansible or Groovy hands-on experience 2. Technical skills to analyze the issues and provide a solutions 3. Drive to understand the problem statement(s) and to learn In addition to the solid Jenkins/Ansible/Cloud/Groovy skills, we also need to look for people who have: Strong logical skills who can provide approach/solution for the real world use-cases that Bank has Strong Analytical skills (can be checked through simple puzzles) Job description: Jenkins/Ansible Developer - Minimum overall 8 years’ experience - 4+ years industry experience in DevOps architecture related to Continuous Integration/Delivery solutions & Platform Automation - At least 2 years of system level architecture experience is a plus. Preferably in linux, windows flavors - Excellent knowledge of these scripting languages: o Groovy o Shell o Perl o Powershell o Docker - Configuration & Integration level skills in the following tools: o Jenkins o Ansible Tower o IBM uBuild o Rundeck o GIT o Sonar o Artifactory - Architected solution and deep expertise on Cloud o AWS/Azure o PaaS (Cloud Foundry, OpenShift) o Environment automation using Ansible, Chef, Puppet - Must have implemented DevOps practices/tools in areas such as continuous integration, environment automation, release automation, virtualization, infra as a code, metrics tracking - Should have directly worked on creating enterprise level operating models, architecture options - Experience working with remote/offshore teams is a huge plus Strong hands-on expertise in … -  * Jenkins 2.x architecture, plugins, scale, scripting -  * Ansible architecture, playbooks, scripting -  * Scripting with Groovy, Bash/Shell, PERL, PowerShell, YAML - Strong experience in … -  * Enterprise/large scale implementations -  * Patterns-based/template-based approach -  * Implementing best-practices at scale. Job Type: Contract Job Location: San Francisco, CA Required experience: relevent field.: 10 years                      Games  Blog  Shop                            Forums  Support  Jobs     USA    2k Family           Blog  Forums    Australia  Italy  S Korea  Taiwan  France  Japan  South East Asia  UK  Germany  Netherlands  Spain     2K Czech  2K China  Irrational Games  2K Marin  2K Vegas  Firaxis Games  2K Australia  Catdaddy Games  Visual Concepts  Take-2-Interactive        Work at 2K   Overview  Search Openings  FAQ  Benefits & Perks  Search by Studio                New Candidates                   Have you applied with us before?    Log in here using your email and password.              Previous Applicants:    Email:     Password:      If you do not remember your password click here .     DevOps Engineer    Location:  Visual Concepts (Novato, CA)    Job Code:  1871     Description  DEVOPS ENGINEER  Visual Concepts is one of the world’s top game development studios with a flat, entrepreneurial, and non-corporate work environment. We have a proven track record having shipped over 100 multi-SKU titles to great critical acclaim.  NBA 2K18 , released on September 19, continues to redefine the genre with GamesRadar stating “ My Career’s jump to an open-world setting throws a new gauntlet down to the rest of sports gaming.” Forbes raves “…with its ambitious new additions, refined gameplay, and a truckload of options, there's no question, it's still the best in the world.”      Our studios in Novato, CA; Orange County, CA; Shanghai, China; and Seoul, South Korea, are committed to gaming and technical innovation and offer top candidates the opportunity to learn and grow with some of the smartest and most creative minds in the industry.    What are we looking for?  You’re passionate about DevOps and the associated technologies. You’re looking to expand your career by working on a large scale, service infrastructure. As a DevOps Engineer, you will be working with world class engineering and production operations teams to scale up our environment. You’ll develop and maintain tools and practices to support the integration of our backend services. You’ll work closely with various developers in supporting new services as well as being the operations expert and development engineer that launches and maintains our services in a production environment. This is an opportunity to enhance your career in a critical role supporting one of the largest and most successful game franchises.  Requirements:   3+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer working with large scale, online applications  Highly proficient in Python and Shell Script or other scripting languages  Experience with Linux systems administration  Proficient in one or more of C++, C#, or Java using object oriented best practices  Experience with deployment systems including Puppet  Experience with automation/build tools like Team City, Jenkins, Bamboo, and Maven  Experience with version control systems (git, Perforce)  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and experience  Able to work flexible hours including weekends or off-hours   Desired Skills:   Proficient in database management (Mysql, Redis)  Experience with Mongo, Cassandra, Vertica  Experience with building tools and APIs (F5, Cisco, AWS)  Knowledge of security mechanisms, such as SSL/TLS, IP-Sec, PKI, RSA/AES  Knowledge of networking architecture  Knowledge of network and application protocols, such as UDP, TCP, ICMP, HTTP, HTTPS       Back to Search Results    New Search                Newsletter  About Us  Privacy Policy  Terms of Service Safe Harbor Privacy    Connect with us         Copyright Â©2013 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc  Trademarks belong to their respective owners.  All rights reserved.                          Grid Dynamics Careers        Senior Java Engineer  Java Development San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    Description  <p As a key member of this team, you will be working in collaboration with worldwide industry experts. This is an excellent opportunity, as a key contributor to this project, to create the next generation of network-centric distributed and scalable architectures. Come be part of our bright engineering team with open communication, empowerment, innovation, and customer-centric culture. We work with bleeding-edge technologies, including J2EE, in-memory data grids such as Oracle Coherence, NoSQL databases such as Apache Cassandra, automated testing tools such as Fitnesse, Selenium WebDriver, built in-house Jagger performance measurement tool, Continuous Integration and Delivery, etc. Responsibilities: Participate in the design and development of high-performance business applications, from requirements analysis to production Constantly improve software quality (evaluate and incorporate new libraries, tools and technologies; code reviews; refactoring; testing; etc.) Analyze and improve application performance Search for simple and robust solutions to complex tasks Work in an Agile methodology environment where innovation, teamwork and creativity are the key for success Collaborate with a team of developers, QA engineers, analysts located in St Petersburg, Russia and San Francisco, CA Requirements: 3+ years in Software Development Education in Computer Science or similar theoretical knowledge in CS: algorithms and complexity estimation, data structures, operating systems, programming languages Excellent knowledge of Java platform (collections, concurrency, etc). Good understanding of JVM internals is a plus Experience in enterprise application development (J2EE, Spring Source, etc) is a plus Understanding of distributed architectures and scalability principles Knowledge of Linux/Unix-based operating systems (bash/ssh/ps/grep etc.) Understanding of SDLC and Agile methodologies in particular Hands-on experience with developer daily basis tools such as IDE’s, compilers, debuggers, profilers, version control systems, bug tracking systems, build systems (ANT, Maven2, etc), code coverage and automated testing tools Experience with unit and integration testing (JUnit, TestNG, Mockito, etc.) RDBMS experience (SQL, JDBC). Understanding of ORM frameworks internals is a plus Desire and ability to quickly learn new tools and technologies Ability to proactively identify and solve engineering problems Good interpersonal communication skills, both verbal and written What We Offer Opportunity to work on bleeding-edge projects Work with a highly motivated and dedicated team Competitive salary Flexible schedule Medical insurance Benefits program Social package - medical insurance, sports Corporate social events Professional development opportunities About us : Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors. We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season. Founded in 2006 and headquartered in Menlo Park, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, scalable omni-channel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement.      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite                Skip to Main Content        Support  Contact Us           Mobile navigation menu      About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations  Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  View All Jobs        About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations   Jobs by Talent Areas   Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship    View All Jobs             Where      What                Pearson Jobs        Where   city, state, country    What   job title, keywords             Home  View All Jobs  ( 791 )              Pearson    Senior Cloud Security Engineer, DevSecOps in  San Francisco , California          Senior Cloud Security Engineer, DevSecOps  Description  At Pearson, we have a once in a generation opportunity to transform teaching & learning to prepare people for a changing economy.  The educational ecosystem is changing at a ferocious pace. Our company is changing rapidly. We no longer have the luxury of waiting to see how the market will change; we need to operate differently.  Learners today are preparing to enter a world of work in which the skills required for employment are rapidly changing.  Lifelong learning & ongoing re-skilling will become a reality for most.  In addition - Technology has changed our expectations of how we live, work, communicate.  Learners expect education to be engaging and inspiring. They expect digital learning to be as responsive, secure,  fast and effective as the other apps in their pocket - Facebook, iTunes.  They expect to have access to learning anytime, anyplace, any device and get help when they need it - Consumer Grade without being a target of cyber attacks.  One of biggest investments is in a new digital platform - the Global Learning Platform - which will fundamentally change the way we design, develop and deliver learning experiences, enabling new business models.  Pearson’s Global Learning Platform will provide engaging, responsive, and personalized learning experiences to students everywhere. The cloud security team at Pearson will drive all aspects of design, build, operate and assess across cloud based digital platforms and products.  Responsibilities  As a direct report to the Director, Product Information Security Officer (PISO), you will have the following responsibilities:   Work closely with product and platform teams to engineer and implement cloud security controls with a focus on DevSecOps  Snr Cloud Security DevSecOps Engineer  will fundamentally change the way Pearson security processes and tools are integrated within DevOps  Implement a tools driven and highly automated approach to deliver our key security management processes by exploiting investment in existing tooling (e.g. ServiceNow, Chef, Splunk) and / or identify new tooling.  Design and implement AWS/Cloud based DevSecOps  processes and tools  Develop procedures to automate security tasks during code builds and deployments  Respond to and, when appropriate, resolve or escalate security incidents  Report unresolved security exposures, misuse of resources, and noncompliance situations using defined escalation processes.  Assist and train team members in the use of cloud security tools and the resolution of security issues  Develop and maintain documentation for security systems and procedures  Collaborate with the Ops team to build infrastructure and servers on AWS  Lead AWS Cloud DevSecOps  engineering integrations with platforms such as SPLUNK ES, Threat Analytics and UEBA  Evaluate and recommend  use of ML, AI, and data analytic services to enable action based events and triggers  Actively involved in  cloud environment  threat hunting using manual and automated tools  Build working relationships with corporate technology and business teams  Build security utilities and tools for internal use that enable you and your fellow Security Engineers to operate at high speed and wide scale.  Evaluate security technologies for cloud environments in order to implement controls in the most streamlined and integrated manner  Deploy automated security solutions for cloud delivery processes  Develop cloud security solutions to enable production security operations (SOC)  Deploy compliance solutions for  large-scale cloud environments using container and microservice technologies  Develop security and compliance capabilities in support of DevOps processes  Develop & deploy automated solutions to secure cloud development processes  Craft and evangelize secure cloud platform & product requirements  Communicate security risks and solutions to business partners, platform & product teams  Embrace a culture of continuous service improvement and service excellence  Stay current on security industry trends   Qualifications  Required Experience   Overall 6 years experience in Technology with extensive experience in cloud solutions (AWS, OpenStack)  Minimum 4  years of experience with implementing and automating Cloud DevSecOps including technologies such as SPLUNK ES, Twistlocker, CloudPassage and threat intel platforms  Extensive experience in cloud based DDoS protection services such as AWS Advanced Shield and Akamai  Solid understanding of Amazon Web Services (AWS) including VPC, ELB, IAM, KMS, EC2, Config, CloudTrail, CloudFormation, Lambda, and others  Knowledge of network based, system level, and application layer attacks and mitigation methods  Extensive Experience working with container technology including Docker and Kubernetes  Experience in DevOps environments and maintaining security in CI/CD processes  Experience with the development, deployment, and automation of security solutions in an enterprise cloud based environment  Experience with a broad range of security technologies including, SAST, DLP, IDS/IPS, IAM, Certificate Management  Knowledge of AWS automation strategies and tools  Strong knowledge of technology and security topics including network and application security, infrastructure hardening, security baselines, web server, and database security  Ability to clearly and effectively communicate concerns, issues to other teams  Experience in developing, documenting, and maintaining security procedures  Proficient in AWS CLI, Bash, and Python  Threat and risk modelling experience using platforms such as Continuum Security  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience.  Experience with custom development using AWS integration technologies, Python, Java/EE, JSON, SAML, XACML, SCIM.  Experience in virtualization, Cloud Formation, Python in building hybrid cloud models with security layered in for groups, policies is critical for individual's hands-on expertise.  Real time scalability and highly available solutions leveraging functions like Lambda, AWS Auto Scaling and Cloud Formations.  Source code management tools such as BitBucket  Skilled in HTML/CSS, JSON, REST, HTTP, Python, Java/EE, SAML, XACML, SCIM  AWS certification along with other security certifications such as CISSP, SSCP is  a plus  Actively Participate in data design sessions  The candidate will apply their experience building reliable, scalable, secure data driven process automation for managing compliance  Hands-on knowledge on DevOps methodologies and tools like SVN/GIT, Jenkins, JIRA, confluence, various monitoring/alerting tools;   Competences and Behaviors   Highly self-motivated with the ability to identify areas of focus and tackle new challenges with or without direction.  Must be able to communicate effectively and build solid relationships with individuals at all levels, in multiple geographies and business functions.  Strong oral, written, and presentation abilities - able to convey risk to all levels of the business, from C-level executives to operations and development teams;  Strong business acumen with the ability to build business cases for technology initiatives and to effectively communicate the value proposition to non-technical stakeholders  Excellent oral and written communication skills and exceptional interpersonal skills.  Demonstrated ability to work under pressure.  Ability to work within a dynamic and fast paced international environment  Ability to build rapport with other team members and relevant teams  Very good communications, presentation and negotiations skills  Technically innovative  Able to express technical and non-technical concepts in clear verbal and written English  Very good written skills to document complex concepts in a comprehensive, yet readable manner  Encourages people to be open and share their views  Considers a range of options that meet the needs of all stakeholders  Ability to use own initiative to solve technical problems  Delivery Focused  Takes responsibility for projects and strategic initiatives  Demonstrate clear and measurable results through the development of KPIs, goals and milestones  Ambitious and competitive  Drive innovation and best practice  Strive for standardization and simplification in all aspects of work  Able to balance the needs of the business against the desire for the best solution possible   #LI-LL  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  Primary Location: US-TX-San Antonio  Other Locations US-CA-San Francisco, US-CO-Centennial, US-NC-Morrisville, US-TX-Austin  Work Locations: US-TX-San Antonio-19500 Bulverde 19500 Bulverde Road San Antonio 78259  Job: Technology  Organization: Technology & Operations  Employee Status: Regular Employee  Job Type: Standard  Shift: Day Job  Job Posting: Nov 7, 2017  Req ID: 1716224           Apply Now       Apply Now    Share                 Current Search Criteria     Senior Cloud Security Engineer, ...    San Francisco    California   Clear All            Technology  Sales  Research and Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  All Jobs              If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 1-877-311-0948.  Please follow the links below to the "EEO is The Law", which describes the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability or genetic information. www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm and the "EEO is the Law Supplement" which has additional information for Federal Contractors: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf  The Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision found here ( https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_formattedESQA508c.pdf ) provides applicants and employees notice that Pearson will not discriminate against them for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co-workers.  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, disability status, veteran status, national origin or any other characteristic protected by law.          Contact Us  News  Support        Facebook         Twitter         Google+         LinkedIn                 About Pearson   Who We Are  What We Do  Board of Directors   Our Position On       Products & Services      Efficacy & Research   Higher Education Research  Schools Education Research  Professional Education Research  Our Methods  Our People  Efficacy Reports       Sustainability   About Sustainability  Sustainability In Action   Sustainability Governance   Reporting & Policy Downloads       Investors   Investor Information  Managing Your Shares       Careers   Job Opportunities  Who You Are   Why Join Us              Privacy Policy  Cookies  Legal Statement  Accessibility                     US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1B candidates. Please No Consultants, Full time experience ONLY. My client a successful and well-known company that is the silent partner and driving force for the applications we use today is looking for a Senior Software Architect to join their fast-growing operation in San Fran. To tell you about the company, they are taking the world by storm. Some of the largest companies and the most popular applications are their clients and their invisible service is what keeps them and us online. This startup, less than a decade old has crushed their competition and continue to grow larger each day. They have over 2000 customers worldwide connecting over 300 million devices. Some clients of their clients include Lyft, Yahoo!, Adobe, HubSpot!, CBS, Yelp and more. In this position, you would be working with a small team, that it is looking to rapidly expand in size in the next year. As a main contributor on infrastructure, development and architecture you will have the opportunity to shape their product and freedom to help lead them to an even higher level of success. As an Architect, you would be directly responsible for championing design, design patterns, software and technologies; adopting and adapting frameworks and services used and/or needed by the current system and forward-looking roadmap. Specifically, your tech stack will include Python, C, Go, Varnish, Docker, Kubernetes, Cassandra, MongoDB, Reddis, NoSQL for caching, Cloud Formation, EC2, S3, ElasticSearch, DynamoDB, Terraform, Docker, Mesos, RDS and we are Linux based. They ae using mostly AWS but a little Google Cloud as well. The salary and benefits for this position is very competitive up to $180K depending on experience (if you are making more don’t count yourself out we will make it work). This opportunity also includes a very generous Equity package . My client believes in compensating their employees for their hard work by making sure you are appreciated not only financially but also on all levels within your career. As an employee at this company you are a key member of the team, and will have input from day 1. This company believes in elevating their employees and that’s why their engineers are so happy today =) Your workplace locale will be a clean, new office, located centrally in SoMA District. Our office provides you a trendy and accommodating environment. The office is an open floor plan giving everyone the opportunity to work together. There is a “Hackathon” space with a ping pong table and beer keg. This is also where all events take place. They enjoy hosting monthly events and meetups. What I love most about this company is their management team and culture. The CEO/ Founder has an open-door policy. Whatever is on you mind you can take it to him. They believe in career growth, learning, taking risks. If you want to jump on a second project, if you want to learn something new, this management team will support you in your decision. What sweetens the pot is your fellow colleagues will be just as friendly and just as supportive. This isn’t just a tech company, this is a family. In regards to how you start the day the team is usually in the office by 10 am. The dress code is super causal including jeans, t-shirts, something simple. You will have a fully stocked kitchen and three catered lunches buffet style each week. They have a whiteboard in the kitchen if you have a request write it down, they will make sure to buy your favorite snacks. Your benefits are all top of the line including numerous health care options up to 100% employer paid health. The companies you can choose from are Aetna, Kaiser and Blue Cross Blue Shield. The Dental insurance is under Delta and vision under VSP. They have a transportation benefit package. They offer a free gym membership to Crunch gym where most of the team goes. If you choose to go somewhere else you will receive $60 towards your gym membership each month. Each quarter the company with host a quarterly company event. What that means it’s time for some fun. They have taken rafting trips, camping trips, rented out theme parks, wen to sporting events, had cookouts and the list goes on. Not only will you love your position but you will love your team. My client is and has been profitable since inception and grows to be more successful each day. In regards to company size, it is still a pretty small team and looking to double in size over the next year. Currently there are three separate teams. The first team is the Core team that is the company’s backbone. This consists of six software architects and one DevOps. The second team does more of backend services. They have six engineers and one DevOps engineer. Our final team is the full stack team is made up of seven engineering and one DevOps engineer. Lastly, there are two engineering managers, an engineering director and the CTO. That sums up engineering. I’m sure you’re wondering about the tech stack used here. The front-end is written in Angular.JS and React.JS. The back-end is a combination of Python and C. Node distributed systems. The databases used are NoSQL Databases including Cassandra and MongoDB. They are Linux based and use AWS for majority of their cloud services, they use a little Azzure and Google cloud too. Some of the data tools include Kafka, Spark and more. DevOps is using Redis, ElasticSearch, RDS, Cloudformation, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes and Mesos. To go a little further, this engineering environment is agile. The team is doing TDD (test driven development) and they use continuous integration continuous deployment. Are you ready to be a part of a world class team making history… if so apply now =) Required Skills: Bachelors of Computer Science Degree Expert knowledge of Cloud Computing Architectures 5+ years experience designing and developing server components and APIs Strong programming and design pattern fundamentals Deep expertise with Python and/ or C Expert knowledge of networking concepts, network protocols and security Hands-on experience with: Micro service architecture Data framework and databases Messaging systems Could systems Continuous integration/ Continuous deployment Desire product ownership and a need to progress professionally Experience with massively scaling Python and C based components. Pluses: Leadership experience Entrepreneurial spirit Worked in a fast-paced organization Fast paced Startup experience The Offer: Competitive Salary: up to $180k, DOE Options Employee paid health plans (HMO or PPO) Fast Paced, long term growth Paid vacation Competitive raise structure US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1b candidates. Job Type: Full-time Job Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Cloud Computing Architectures: 5 years Micro service architecture, databases, CI/CD: 5 years                      Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Sr. DevOps Engineer    Payette Group ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 2 weeks ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Sr. DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: DevOps,EC2    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     DevOps, EC2          Full Time            Negotiable            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   About You You're a DevOps engineer who wants to play an instrumental role in a high-growth startup. You believe strongly in infrastructure as code and are passionate about helping engineering teams scale. You're happy diving into back-end code to make it better. You want to work with a driven team, build things you can be proud of and avoid workplace politics as much as possible. You will be successful in this role if you Hate putting out fires, so you build fault-tolerant systems and anticipate problems ahead of time. Have learned the hard lessons of scaling from 10s to 1000s of nodes (and have the battle stories to prove it!) Have been automating everything since before you can remember. Know configuration management systems like Ansible, Puppet, or Chef backwards and forwards (we use Ansible, but care more about your general knowledge rather than a specific tool). Have deep experience with EC2. Take joy in being a part of an engineering team that thrives with proper monitoring, infrastructure management and visibility in place. Have built and scaled RESTful API services. Can be autonomous and self-driven. Get inspired on a daily basis; think of new ideas; and like to share them with others. About the Job As a DevOps Engineer, you'll help build and scale the next generation of our tech stack. You’ll be our first full-time DevOps engineer, so will have a large degree of control over the future of infrastructure management. We're experiencing significant growth (~1000s of requests / second) in customer demand, so this role is crucial to our success. We need to intelligently architect our systems to keep maintenance costs low, reliability high, and give our customers the best possible experience. While putting out fires comes with the territory, we prefer to anticipate problems as early as possible by building robust, fault-tolerant systems. You’ll be instrumental in building search solutions that power some of the biggest websites on the internet. Join us.       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Josh Thornton  405 El Camino Real #633
				
				
					
						Menlo Park, CA, 94025  Contact               Payette Group,     Dice Id : payette    Position Id : 172597      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Operations Engineer 3   Asurion LLC  San Mateo, CA     Cloud Operations DevOps (4 Openings)   APN Software Services, Inc  Redwood City, CA     REMOTE - DevOps Engineer   Endure Technology Solutions, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    DevOps Administrator   Experis  South San Francisco, CA     Devops Engineer   Compunnel Software Group Inc.  San Mateo, CA     Sr. DevOps Engineer   Incedo  South San Francisco, CA     Senior Devops Engineer   BayOne Solutions  Palo Alto, CA     Sr DevOps Engineer   The Armada Group  San Francisco, CA     Senior DevOps Engineer (Python)   Modis  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Cloud   DCM Data Systems  San Ramon, CA     DevOps Engineer   Mainz Brady Group  Oakland, CA     Dev Ops Engineer   Volt  Palo Alto, CA     Devops engineer   QSOLV, INC.  San Ramon, CA     DevOps Engineer   Elevano  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Agility Software Solutions  San Francisco, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Sr. DevOps Engineer  Payette Group | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Sr. DevOps Engineer  Payette Group | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Sr. DevOps Engineer with Payette Group through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Sr. DevOps Engineer  Payette Group         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site            DevOps Engineer Engineering San Francisco, CA Mission of Role: Build software and efficient operational processes to ensure the dependability of Enview's cloud-based geospatial analytics platform. About Enview: Enview maps the world in 3D with geospatial analytics. We quantify human activity, the natural environment, and infrastructure health. Clients use insights we generate to prevent damage to power lines and pipelines, as well as to perform large-area, high-frequency urban mapping. Our tech fuses and analyzes multiple data sources, including airborne LiDAR, aerial & satellite imagery, and GIS. The Challenge: You are excited to automate a compute infrastructure that ingests petabytes of remote sensing data to benefit the safety and well-being of millions. We are scaling our operations and deployments, and we need your help to keep these revenue-critical systems running smoothly. We're looking for someone with a passion for automation to make a direct impact on our products and development culture. You Will Be responsible for the scalability, reliability, and availability of our web products Develop robust continuous deployment systems and procedures for live web deployments Create site metrics and monitoring systems that will drive our development plans Be part of on-call team to support website SLA requirements (for US corporate customers) Lead internal development infrastructure and culture with best practices in continuous integration, repository management, and containerization Support back-end analytics platform development using scalability techniques in AWS Strong Candidates Will Have: 3+ years of DevOps experience Competence and familiarity with Linux A strong background in one or more scripting languages (Bash, Python, Perl, etc.) Experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS strongly preferred) Experience with containers and container infrastructure (Docker and ECS) Experience in networking, load balancing, firewalls, and system security best practices A belief that infrastructure and configuration should be code (Ansible, Salt, Puppet, or Chef) A fierce desire to automate complex systems to increase efficiency Perks: Opportunity to play a foundational role at a well-funded startup with major client deployments and revenue Work with people like yourself—talented and thoughtful; passionate about solving challenging problems Full medical/vision/dental + 401K Office located in SoMa accessible from CalTrain, MUNI, and BART Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms                          Company   About Us  Management  Operating Divisions  Corporate Governance  Corporate Responsibility  TW Investments  Global Media Group  Strategy     Investor Relations    Newsroom   Press Releases  Press Contacts  Media & Identity Materials     Blog    Careers   Working With Us  Areas of Operation  Search For Jobs      Facebook link  Twitter link  Youtube link  Instagram link               Company    Investor Relations    Newsroom    Careers    Blog            Working With Us   Why Time Warner  Benefits  Career Development  Diversity  Going Green  Our Stories  Stay Connected     Areas of Operation   Our Divisions  Job Spotlight  Industries  Interests  Internships  Locations     Search For Jobs    Login to access your profile or create a new account .             ?   Careers Home Page Job Seeker Tools Search openings Search results Current page Job details      Job details Tweet Job 1 of 1    Submit to job  Send to friend  Save to cart       Posting Job Title   SR DevOps Security Engineer, Bleacher Report    Time Warner Division   Turner    Business Unit_TBS   CORPO     Industry  Advertising Cable/Broadcast Television Networks Games – Development & Publishing Online Content/Services     Area of Interest   Technology/Information Technology    Location   United States - California - San Francisco    Requisition #   160082BR    Position Type   Full Time    Posting Job Description   The Turner Story Turner is a division of Time Warner along with our sister companies, HBO and Warner Bros. We are better known as the folks who bring you CNN, HLN, TCM, TNT, TBS, Adult Swim, Cartoon Network, Turner Sports and so much more! From cutting-edge breaking news stories, up-to-the-minute sports coverage, and the characters we grew up loving on to the shows we love today, Turner continues to be the gold standard in first class television programming and a demonstrated leader in digital content. We tell the stories the world wants to hear. Won’t you be a part of our story? http://www.turner.com/  Bleacher Report is the site of choice for the next generation of sport fans, the social voice of sports, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Turner Sports . Attracting millions of sport fans every month with its fun, comprehensive, and entertaining team-based content, B/R is one of the fastest-growing sport sites. Since being acquired by Turner in 2012, B/R has gained all the advantages of a large media company while maintaining its vibrant start-up culture. See what it’s like to work at Turner! Follow us on Instagram , Twitter and Facebook  What part will you play? The SR DevSecOps Engineer will be dedicated to drive web application security and secure DevOps processes throughout B/R and Turner's technology organization. This team will establish secure coding practices used by development teams across the company. This position is critical to establishing and maintaining secure systems while simultaneously promoting a culture of rapid and reliable software across the company. The team will be deployed throughout various development and operations teams throughout Turner and its subsidiaries.  What will you be doing? Be a part of a bleeding edge cloud and web application security team which enables the agile development of secure and reliable applications. You will ensure the team of security engineers develops an understanding of business objectives, application architecture, and functionality of the projects they are assigned to. Collaborate with software development leaders to establish metrics that demonstrate security proficiency across all major development teams Identify potential threat vectors in software applications and cloud architecture that could be used by attackers and cause disruption or a potential data breach Demonstrate security leadership across the organization Collaborate with other Information Security Office team members to ensure all software vulnerabilities are tracked, remediated and retested Lead the development of automated test scripts which are incorporated into the software development lifecycle and are effective at identifying potential software and configuration vulnerabilities Lead the development of automated utilities which can be leveraged to identify cloud vulnerabilities Ensure processes associated with application security and cloud security of key systems are documented, maintained, and archived Collaborate with development and operations teams to develop the standards for web application security, cloud security, and mobile app security Lead security assessments of critical company infrastructure and applications as needed Other duties as required  What do we require from you? 5+ years of software development, DevOps and/or cloud architecture (AWS, GCP or Azure) experience Proficient with tools such as Burp Suite, sqlmap, Metasploit, Nmap, and Nessus Experience with Static Application Security Testing methodologies and tools Experience with Dynamic Application Security Testing methodologies and tools Preferred experience with Configuration Management Tools such as Puppet, Chef, Salt or Ansible Preferred experience with scripting languages such as Python or BASH Preferred familiarity with PHP and JavaScript Strong written and verbal communication skills Certifications such as CISSP, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, GWEB/GWAPT, and GPEN preferred Experience with attack and penetration testing or relevant security experience preferred Good grasp of big data technologies and how they relate to security contexts Knowledge of system and network configuration for multiple operating systems Experience in broadcasting or video streaming a plus *Position also posted via Jobscore  But wait, there’s more!  Paid time off every year to volunteer 2016 Best Company for Working Mothers An in-house learning and development team to help shape and grow your career Part of the Time Warner family of powerhouse brands  Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. and its subsidiaries are Equal Opportunity Employers and E-Verify users. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.     Submit to job  Send to friend  Save to cart                 Disclamer  Help  International Privacy Policies        Legal and Privacy  Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  Sitemap  Contact Us  Shop   © Time Warner 2014. All Rights Reserved.            CAREERS     Back  Working at GE   Culture   Students   My Application   Search Jobs                GE BUSINESSES   GE Additive   GE Aviation   GE Capital   GE Digital   GE Energy Connections   GE Healthcare   GE Lighting   GE Oil & Gas   GE Power  GE Renewable Energy  GE Transportation  Current powered by GE    INVESTORS  CAREERS   Students  Life at GE   Working at GE   Culture   Diversity   My Application    NEWS   GE Newsroom   GE Reports     Search  Globe  Side Menu  GE                    GE Careers     SEARCH JOBS                            GE CAREERS         linkedin  facebook  twitter  email                       Apply Now      Sr Software Engineer - DevOps    GE Digital  Experienced  Posted 10/23/2017 5:51:30 PM  2984081      Job Function:  Digital Technology  Business Segment: Digital Predix Products & Technology     Location(s): United States; California; San Francisco     About Us: GE is the world's Digital Industrial Company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation.  GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer .  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Essential Responsibilities: You will be responsible for creating and managing both development and production environments. This includes deployments using Terraform, Docker, Docker Compose, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, and other deployment/management technologies. These environments include CI/CD pipelines, Monitoring, Reporting, Security systems, and several Python and C++ based applications. You will be working with world class data scientist, engineers, designers, and domain experts to support state-of-the-art AI and machine learning solutions being deployed and maintained across GE. Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or in “STEM” Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) A minimum of 5 years of professional experience OR Master’s degree with 3 years of experience Eligibility Requirements: Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. GE may agree to sponsor an individual for an employment visa now or in the future if there is a shortage of individuals with particular skills. Must be willing to travel (10%) Must be willing to work out of an office located in San Francisco, CA Pursuant to the Los Angeles/San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records  Desired Characteristics: Python Docker, Docker Swarm and Docker Compose Kubernetes Jenkins AWS / Elastic Beanstalk Terraform SQL and noSQL database deployments Basic HTML, CSS, JS Good understanding of operations (compute and network infrastructure) Experience with Git and modern programming workflows #DTR  Locations: United States; California; San Francisco  GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation.  GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer .  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.  GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.  Any offer of employment is conditional upon the successful completion​ of a background investigation and drug screen.        Apply Now     Link for schema       GE Careers Technical Assistance   Having technical issues with ge.com/careers or your application? We're here to help.  Get In Touch     Connect With Us   Stay up to date on GE and possible opportunities that open in areas that interest you.   Sign Up                         contact us  investor contacts  site map  privacy  terms  cookies  integrity at ge        accessibility  candidate privacy notice  pay transparency  fraud alert  ca transparency in supply chain         GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color,
	                        religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression,
	                        age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.  Learn More   linkedin  facebook  twitter  instagram  youtube   Powered by SmashFly        © General Electric            Check Application Status    We are in the process of transitioning to an improved job application system and in the interim we are operating with two systems. Have your Job ID ready (from the email you received when you applied) to log in and check your application status.  Click the appropriate button. If you don't know your job ID, you can still check your status: use both buttons.  Job ID Begins With '1'  Job ID Begins With '2' or '3'  You can only check your application status if you applied via this website. For all other applications, GE will contact you if there is interest in pursuing your candidacy. Click here for help.                     Skip to Main Content        Support  Contact Us           Mobile navigation menu      About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations  Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  View All Jobs        About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations   Jobs by Talent Areas   Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship    View All Jobs             Where      What                Pearson Jobs        Where   city, state, country    What   job title, keywords             Home  View All Jobs  ( 791 )              Pearson    Cloud Security Engineer, DevSecOps in  San Francisco , California          Cloud Security Engineer, DevSecOps  Description  At Pearson, we have a once in a generation opportunity to transform teaching & learning to prepare people for a changing economy.  The educational ecosystem is changing at a ferocious pace. Our company is changing rapidly. We no longer have the luxury of waiting to see how the market will change; we need to operate differently.  Learners today are preparing to enter a world of work in which the skills required for employment are rapidly changing.  Lifelong learning & ongoing re-skilling will become a reality for most.  In addition - Technology has changed our expectations of how we live, work, communicate.  Learners expect education to be engaging and inspiring. They expect digital learning to be as responsive, secure,  fast and effective as the other apps in their pocket - Facebook, iTunes.  They expect to have access to learning anytime, anyplace, any device and get help when they need it - Consumer Grade without being a target of cyber attacks.  One of biggest investments is in a new digital platform - the Global Learning Platform - which will fundamentally change the way we design, develop and deliver learning experiences, enabling new business models.  Pearson’s Global Learning Platform will provide engaging, responsive, and personalized learning experiences to students everywhere. The cloud security team at Pearson will drive all aspects of design, build, operate and assess across cloud based digital platforms and products.  Responsibilities  As a direct report to the Director, Product Information Security Officer (PISO), you will have the following responsibilities:   Work closely with product and platform teams to engineer and implement cloud security controls with a focus on DevSecOps  Snr Cloud Security DevSecOps Engineer  will fundamentally change the way Pearson security processes and tools are integrated within DevOps  Implement a tools driven and highly automated approach to deliver our key security management processes by exploiting investment in existing tooling (e.g. ServiceNow, Chef, Splunk) and / or identify new tooling.  Design and implement AWS/Cloud based DevSecOps  processes and tools  Develop procedures to automate security tasks during code builds and deployments  Respond to and, when appropriate, resolve or escalate security incidents  Report unresolved security exposures, misuse of resources, and noncompliance situations using defined escalation processes.  Assist and train team members in the use of cloud security tools and the resolution of security issues  Develop and maintain documentation for security systems and procedures  Collaborate with the Ops team to build infrastructure and servers on AWS  Lead AWS Cloud DevSecOps  engineering integrations with platforms such as SPLUNK ES, Threat Analytics and UEBA  Evaluate and recommend  use of ML, AI, and data analytic services to enable action based events and triggers  Actively involved in  cloud environment  threat hunting using manual and automated tools  Build working relationships with corporate technology and business teams  Build security utilities and tools for internal use that enable you and your fellow Security Engineers to operate at high speed and wide scale.  Evaluate security technologies for cloud environments in order to implement controls in the most streamlined and integrated manner  Deploy automated security solutions for cloud delivery processes  Develop cloud security solutions to enable production security operations (SOC)  Deploy compliance solutions for  large-scale cloud environments using container and microservice technologies  Develop security and compliance capabilities in support of DevOps processes  Develop & deploy automated solutions to secure cloud development processes  Craft and evangelize secure cloud platform & product requirements  Communicate security risks and solutions to business partners, platform & product teams  Embrace a culture of continuous service improvement and service excellence  Stay current on security industry trends   Qualifications  Required Experience   Overall 6 years experience in Technology with extensive experience in cloud solutions (AWS, OpenStack)  Minimum 4  years of experience with implementing and automating Cloud DevSecOps including technologies such as SPLUNK ES, Twistlocker, CloudPassage and threat intel platforms  Extensive experience in cloud based DDoS protection services such as AWS Advanced Shield and Akamai  Solid understanding of Amazon Web Services (AWS) including VPC, ELB, IAM, KMS, EC2, Config, CloudTrail, CloudFormation, Lambda, and others  Knowledge of network based, system level, and application layer attacks and mitigation methods  Extensive Experience working with container technology including Docker and Kubernetes  Experience in DevOps environments and maintaining security in CI/CD processes  Experience with the development, deployment, and automation of security solutions in an enterprise cloud based environment  Experience with a broad range of security technologies including, SAST, DLP, IDS/IPS, IAM, Certificate Management  Knowledge of AWS automation strategies and tools  Strong knowledge of technology and security topics including network and application security, infrastructure hardening, security baselines, web server, and database security  Ability to clearly and effectively communicate concerns, issues to other teams  Experience in developing, documenting, and maintaining security procedures  Proficient in AWS CLI, Bash, and Python  Threat and risk modelling experience using platforms such as Continuum Security  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience.  Experience with custom development using AWS integration technologies, Python, Java/EE, JSON, SAML, XACML, SCIM.  Experience in virtualization, Cloud Formation, Python in building hybrid cloud models with security layered in for groups, policies is critical for individual's hands-on expertise.  Real time scalability and highly available solutions leveraging functions like Lambda, AWS Auto Scaling and Cloud Formations.  Source code management tools such as BitBucket  Skilled in HTML/CSS, JSON, REST, HTTP, Python, Java/EE, SAML, XACML, SCIM  AWS certification along with other security certifications such as CISSP, SSCP is  a plus  Actively Participate in data design sessions  The candidate will apply their experience building reliable, scalable, secure data driven process automation for managing compliance  Hands-on knowledge on DevOps methodologies and tools like SVN/GIT, Jenkins, JIRA, confluence, various monitoring/alerting tools;   Competences and Behaviors   Highly self-motivated with the ability to identify areas of focus and tackle new challenges with or without direction.  Must be able to communicate effectively and build solid relationships with individuals at all levels, in multiple geographies and business functions.  Strong oral, written, and presentation abilities - able to convey risk to all levels of the business, from C-level executives to operations and development teams;  Strong business acumen with the ability to build business cases for technology initiatives and to effectively communicate the value proposition to non-technical stakeholders  Excellent oral and written communication skills and exceptional interpersonal skills.  Demonstrated ability to work under pressure.  Ability to work within a dynamic and fast paced international environment  Ability to build rapport with other team members and relevant teams  Very good communications, presentation and negotiations skills  Technically innovative  Able to express technical and non-technical concepts in clear verbal and written English  Very good written skills to document complex concepts in a comprehensive, yet readable manner  Encourages people to be open and share their views  Considers a range of options that meet the needs of all stakeholders  Ability to use own initiative to solve technical problems  Delivery Focused  Takes responsibility for projects and strategic initiatives  Demonstrate clear and measurable results through the development of KPIs, goals and milestones  Ambitious and competitive  Drive innovation and best practice  Strive for standardization and simplification in all aspects of work  Able to balance the needs of the business against the desire for the best solution possible   #LI-LL  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  Primary Location: US-TX-San Antonio  Other Locations US-CA-San Francisco, US-CO-Centennial, US-NC-Morrisville, US-TX-Austin  Work Locations: US-TX-San Antonio-19500 Bulverde 19500 Bulverde Road San Antonio 78259  Job: Technology  Organization: Technology & Operations  Employee Status: Regular Employee  Job Type: Standard  Shift: Day Job  Job Posting: Nov 14, 2017  Req ID: 1717291           Apply Now       Apply Now    Share                 Current Search Criteria     Cloud Security Engineer, DevSecO...    San Francisco    California   Clear All            Technology  Sales  Research and Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  All Jobs              If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 1-877-311-0948.  Please follow the links below to the "EEO is The Law", which describes the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability or genetic information. www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm and the "EEO is the Law Supplement" which has additional information for Federal Contractors: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf  The Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision found here ( https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_formattedESQA508c.pdf ) provides applicants and employees notice that Pearson will not discriminate against them for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co-workers.  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, disability status, veteran status, national origin or any other characteristic protected by law.          Contact Us  News  Support        Facebook         Twitter         Google+         LinkedIn                 About Pearson   Who We Are  What We Do  Board of Directors   Our Position On       Products & Services      Efficacy & Research   Higher Education Research  Schools Education Research  Professional Education Research  Our Methods  Our People  Efficacy Reports       Sustainability   About Sustainability  Sustainability In Action   Sustainability Governance   Reporting & Policy Downloads       Investors   Investor Information  Managing Your Shares       Careers   Job Opportunities  Who You Are   Why Join Us              Privacy Policy  Cookies  Legal Statement  Accessibility                             All jobs → Senior Customer Success Engineer   Senior Customer Success Engineer  Berkeley, California, United States · Engineering   Description Kloudless’s mission is to make it easy for companies to integrate software applications. We’re building towards a future where any software application can be accessed through Kloudless.  We’re looking for an experienced Customer Success Engineer to join our engineering team.  As a Customer Success Engineer, you will establish a close working relationship with external customers and developers to enable successful Kloudless deployments and integrations.  You will be involved at all stages of the customer’s software development lifecycle. We are looking for candidates with an entrepreneurial mindset to help be  responsible for advanced technical support and as a technical resource during all stages of business development. Your Responsibilities  Gain a deep understanding of the customer’s technical requirements to guide the architecture of the integration and maximize value from Kloudless.  Troubleshoot technical issues to establish the root cause of problems and form a solution or workaround across a range of environments.  Guide customers on setting up and configuring the Kloudless VM on-premises to accomplish different use cases.  Advise and coach engineering teams on how to maximize use of Kloudless, debugging or providing code where helpful.  During a customer's implementation, assist developers, product managers and project owners with any and all technical questions that arise.  Improve documentation and participate in online support for questions from Kloudless customers.  Reproduce customer issues, and if necessary, file bug reports and escalate cases to engineering.   Requirements Technical Requirements  Strong DevOps and/or Linux systems administration and network engineering skills. Windows experience is a plus.  Strong grasp of the software development lifecycle, and experience developing applications with a modern general purpose programming language such as Python, Ruby, JavaScript, Java, C#, PHP or similar.  3 - 5 years’ experience in a customer-facing technical role.  Extensive experience with HTTP APIs, web services, and web applications.  Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills.  Professional systems integration experience is a plus.  General Qualifications  An entrepreneurial mindset. Eager to join a dynamic, fast-paced, startup environment, and take the initiative on shaping our client-facing engineering role.  Excellent presentation and communications skills. Confident in collaborating with and guiding a highly skilled and experienced audience, ranging from developers to C-level executives.  Confident in coming up with innovative solutions, and challenging the status quo. Can make quick decisions based on business demands.  Experience coordinating internal resources for product updates and incident resolution. Owning and managing any relevant customer communications.  Previous experience in a client-facing engineering role, such as Sales Engineering, Solutions Architect, Technical Support Engineer, etc. SaaS experience is a plus.  A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a comparable field is preferred.  Benefits  Opportunity and autonomy to make a huge impact as an early hire!  Healthcare plan (Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance)  Stock option plan  Paid time off whenever you need it  Work from home  Free snacks  Team-wide outings, lunches, and dinners.     Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Kloudless website  Powered by Workable                          Individuals & Families  Employers & Organizations  Health Care Professionals  Producers  About Us  News & Analysis                      ?   Home Search openings Search results Current page Job details      Job details  Job 1 of 1    Apply to job  Save to cart  View similar jobs      Posting Job Title   Sr Salesforce Quality Engineer    Job Group   Information Technology    EEO Statement   Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer    Req#   46698BR    Primary Location   CT-Hartford     Locations  CA-San Francisco CA-Santa Ana CA-Walnut Creek CO-Denver CT-Hartford MA-Boston MN-Plymouth NY-New York PA-Blue Bell TX-Austin TX-Dallas TX-Houston     Percent of Travel Required   0 - 10%    Potential Telework Position   No    Full or Part Time   Full Time    Supervisory   No    Job Description   POSITION SUMMARY Create and perform assessments of Salesforce development processes and procedures to ensure that industry-standards are being adopted and followed during the design and build phases. Fundamental Components: Responsibilities: Create Salesforce development processes and procedures to ensure that industry-standards are being adopted and followed during the design and build phases Perform assessments of development artifacts to ensure quality specifically looking at the attributes of optimization, security, reliability and performance. Establish a mechanism capturing and maintaining feedback documented during the quality feedback review cycle. Report metrics on quality engineering process and act on those metrics to improve process effectiveness, test execution, and product quality. Collaborate with development teams to help define software requirements, design and implementation to ensure testability, scalability, maintainability, and reliability. Assist in the refinement of how developers unit test their code and ensure proper coverage is being maintained. Occasional development responsibilities in situations where teammates need SME help with complex and difficult components. Development may also include non-project-based work for innovation where the individual will create Proof of Concepts and/or frameworks that can be used across the enterprise. Provide DevOps advice and coaching across the Salesforce ecosystem. Bring the following professional experience: Demonstrated proficiency in Salesforce/Apex development and best practices Familiarity with automation (release and testing) in an SaaS environment. Ability to work independently, raise issues and take corrective action. Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical project team members. Demonstrated experience with one or more: software reliability, automated test maintenance, static analysis, or code coverage. Demonstrated ability to apply appropriate industry-standard processes and practices to prevent and detect defects throughout the software development lifecycle. Demonstrated ability to utilize metrics and understand processes related to effective quality assurance and testing progress. Extensive experience with web and database application technologies, automated testing, frameworks and tools. Demonstrated ability to work across project teams to leverage existing knowledge, technologies and solutions. BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired: Qualifications: Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field. 10+ years of software development experience with the last 5+ focused exclusively in Salesforce. Hands on experience with Apex development, SOAP/REST API, well-versed in Service Oriented Architectures Credentials/Certifications:Administrator, Force.com Developer, Service Cloud Consultant,andSales Cloud Consultant EDUCATION The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. Telework Specifications: all locations considered ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.    Employment Type   Regular    Career Band Description   Professional     Apply to job  Save to cart  View similar jobs                      Glossary    Health Care Reform    Careers        Accessibility Services    Terms of Use    Investor Info        FAQs    Program Provisions    Interest-Based Ads Policy        Legal Notices    Plan Disclosures    Nondiscrimination Notice        Site Map    Privacy Center    State Directory       Copyright © 2001-2017 Aetna Inc.            Language Assistance Language services can be provided by calling the number on your member ID card. For additional language assistance: Español | 中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Pусский | العربية | Kreyòl | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | Other Languages…                           × Close   Full Stack Engineer  San Francisco, United States    Overview Sportradar, the global leader in understanding and leveraging the power of sports data and digital content is seeking a Full Stack Engineer for its Digital Sports group in San Francisco. As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Sportradar in San Francisco, you will build and grow our next generation of user-facing sports products for fans, media, teams, coaches and more. As the official data provider for the NFL, NBA, NFL, NASCAR, Sportradar has exclusive distribution rights to all in game data, this includes both live play-by-play stats and sensor data from chips in every player's shoulder pads for the NFL and optical tracking data for the NBA. Our team is focused on going beyond the raw data to drive insights and engaging experiences in the marketplace. You'll get to work with the latest tools and technologies to drive innovation and bring new product to market. We are looking for someone who is passionate about sports and has a great sense of ownership and pride in the products they build. WHAT YOU'LL DO Work on all aspects of our platform, including UI, core services and data pipelines Collaborate with cross-functional team of product, design and engineering Take ownership in shaping and delivering key features/products Write high-quality frontend/backend code in Javascript (Node.js / React / Angular.js) Build testable code and help increase our coverage and confidence Work in a modern, collaborative development environment (GitHub, PRs) Be or become familiar with full continuous delivery workflow and AWS Work with relational and NoSQL datastores (Postgres) WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR IN YOU 5+ years experience in full stack software engineering Software development experience using Node.js (solid Javascript) Strong relational database experience (SQL, Performance Tuning) Strong fundamentals in software development Web app (SPA) development experience (React) Understanding of application and system architectural patterns Nice to have: AWS/DevOps, Lambdas, Serverless Arch, Angular What you'll get from us Talk sports every day. The opportunity to join an exciting team and make an impact on the product and our customer products. Camaraderie of a talented and passionate team, working hard to deliver innovative products. Competitive salary and benefits. Excellent medical and dental plans. 401K and PTO! About Sportradar Sportradar is the leading provider of sports data and information globally, covering over 350,000 live events across 48 sports. Sportradar has developed the industry's most proficient software, distributing content and data that is easy to consume while setting new standards for speed and accuracy. Turner Media, Twitter and Samsung are among the leading companies in sports and digital media relying on Sportradar for innovative content, comprehensive applications and product development. Exclusive agreements with the NFL, NBA, NHL, International Tennis Federation and NASCAR are among its 65 worldwide league and federation partnerships. The firm's U.S. Advisory Board includes Ted Leonsis, Mark Cuban and Michael Jordan. Sportradar was recently named a finalist by Sports Business Journal in the category of Sports Breakthrough of the Year for its annual Sports Business Awards. Learn more at www.sportradar.com.   Make the team: Join us and shape (y)our future! Apply    Share:                Apply                      Complete your profile      An error occurred.                                                                                                                                                                                               View Our Website     View All Jobs                 WHY WORK AT SAMASOURCE? Here are just a few reasons why our employees love working at Samasource: Team up with some of the most talented people in Silicon Valley–and around the world—to solve global poverty. Enjoy working in the Mission, one of San Francisco’s most vibrant neighborhoods. Choose from a multitude of awesome local restaurants and taquerias for lunch with coworkers. Collaborate in our open office environment—fully equipped with snacks, coffee and tea as well as funky (and comfy!) decor. Bring your dog, your friends or even your family to the office! We love welcoming visitors!      Senior Software Engineer    San Francisco, CA   Full Time   Samasource Engineering   Experienced                    The Company  Samasource is an award-winning social enterprise with a huge vision—to connect the one billion people living in poverty around the world to work using technology. Samasource combines the fast-paced, results-driven culture of a tech start-up with the social mission and idealism of a non-profit. We like to move quickly and get things done—if you join us, you will be part of a dynamic team that is passionate about making an impact.  Samasource was founded in 2008 and is supported by major corporate and philanthropic funders including MasterCard, Google, eBay, Cisco, Rockefeller, Ford and the State Department.  Headquartered in San Francisco’s Mission District, Samasource has 30+ employees and gives work to thousands of people worldwide.    The Position  We believe that poverty is a solvable problem. We're looking for an enthusiastic, idealistic engineer who wants to write code that meaningfully impacts the human condition. The ideal candidate will blend meticulous code craftsmanship with a keen product sense to answer the question: “How can I leverage technology to give dignified work to the impoverished in our global economy?” If you understand the value of TDD, love to solve problems by pairing with your peers, and are comfortable owning features from conception to launch, we need your help to re-imagine work.    The Product  We're building tools at the intersection of humans with AI and machine learning.  Our systems allow impoverished workers to work on digital tasks that are used by high tech companies.  The engineering challenges include a mix of workflow, reporting, image manipulation, and AI/ML.  We're playing a huge space with lots of unsolved technical problems.  Here are a few we're trying to solve:   Web-based tools for image annotation and task classification for training AI/ML learning algorithms  Intelligent task allocation and adaptive workflow  Data warehousing and near real-time metrics for workforce performance  Integration with cutting-edge 3rd party AI/ML task classification systems  Using multiple open source packages to build enterprise tools for use throughout the world  Operational and platform scalability     Tools and Methods  We keep up with the latest Rails and Javascript platforms, implement TDD with RSpec, use Postgres with ease, plan with JIRA and Pivotal Tracker, and template with Slim and LESS. We like Typescript and pixel-level canvas manipulation. We use Git. We pair when needed, deploy continuously, verify with continuous integration, and validate our features with experiment-driven metrics. See something missing? We’re growing. Tell us, show us, make us a better team.    Responsibilities   Write elegant, high quality, unit-tested code (be prepared to send in samples of work that you're proud of, bonus points for contributions to open source projects)  Own new platform components from conception to deployment  Proactively communicate with customers to understand and fix problems  Fearlessly learn new technologies and comprehend new problem spaces  Share your work with internal and external stakeholders in team meetings and at conferences  Mentor peers and junior developers on coding standards and best practices     Requirements   Product-focused engineer with ability to translate needs into technical solutions  Full-stack engineer with ability to move between front and back-end development with ease  Comprehensive understanding of web application stacks  5+ years of software development experience (experience with other languages a big plus)  3+ years of relational/nosql database experience  API design experience  Strong working knowledge of testing frameworks  Self directed, self motivated, and at home in a very fast-paced environment  Comfortable with performing devops in a Linux environment  Angular or Backbone experience a plus  Experience with performance tuning and/or security a plus  Experience with digital image processing, video, or 3d visualization a plus    Read More     Apply for Position         Apply for this position  Required *     Apply with LinkedIn         Apply with Indeed           First Name *     Last Name *     Email Address *     Phone *     Resume *   Attach resume or Paste resume    Attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2MB) or Paste resume         Paste your resume here or Attach resume file           Cover Letter *     Who referred you to this position?     Are you willing to relocate?  No answer Yes No    LinkedIn Profile URL:     Twitter     Website, blog or portfolio:     Desired salary     Earliest start date?     In 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. Try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye! *   150    References: Please enter names and contact information:      Submit Application                × Close  Forward This Position       Recipient Email Address (one)     Your Name     Your Email Address     Enter a message (optional)  The message cannot contain links      Human Check*                      Powered by                    View Our Website     View All Jobs                 WHY WORK AT SAMASOURCE? Here are just a few reasons why our employees love working at Samasource: Team up with some of the most talented people in Silicon Valley–and around the world—to solve global poverty. Enjoy working in the Mission, one of San Francisco’s most vibrant neighborhoods. Choose from a multitude of awesome local restaurants and taquerias for lunch with coworkers. Collaborate in our open office environment—fully equipped with snacks, coffee and tea as well as funky (and comfy!) decor. Bring your dog, your friends or even your family to the office! We love welcoming visitors!      Senior Software Engineer    San Francisco, CA   Full Time   Samasource Engineering   Experienced                    The Company  Samasource is an award-winning social enterprise with a huge vision—to connect the one billion people living in poverty around the world to work using technology. Samasource combines the fast-paced, results-driven culture of a tech start-up with the social mission and idealism of a non-profit. We like to move quickly and get things done—if you join us, you will be part of a dynamic team that is passionate about making an impact.  Samasource was founded in 2008 and is supported by major corporate and philanthropic funders including MasterCard, Google, eBay, Cisco, Rockefeller, Ford and the State Department.  Headquartered in San Francisco’s Mission District, Samasource has 30+ employees and gives work to thousands of people worldwide.    The Position  We believe that poverty is a solvable problem. We're looking for an enthusiastic, idealistic engineer who wants to write code that meaningfully impacts the human condition. The ideal candidate will blend meticulous code craftsmanship with a keen product sense to answer the question: “How can I leverage technology to give dignified work to the impoverished in our global economy?” If you understand the value of TDD, love to solve problems by pairing with your peers, and are comfortable owning features from conception to launch, we need your help to re-imagine work.    The Product  We're building tools at the intersection of humans with AI and machine learning.  Our systems allow impoverished workers to work on digital tasks that are used by high tech companies.  The engineering challenges include a mix of workflow, reporting, image manipulation, and AI/ML.  We're playing a huge space with lots of unsolved technical problems.  Here are a few we're trying to solve:   Web-based tools for image annotation and task classification for training AI/ML learning algorithms  Intelligent task allocation and adaptive workflow  Data warehousing and near real-time metrics for workforce performance  Integration with cutting-edge 3rd party AI/ML task classification systems  Using multiple open source packages to build enterprise tools for use throughout the world  Operational and platform scalability     Tools and Methods  We keep up with the latest Rails and Javascript platforms, implement TDD with RSpec, use Postgres with ease, plan with JIRA and Pivotal Tracker, and template with Slim and LESS. We like Typescript and pixel-level canvas manipulation. We use Git. We pair when needed, deploy continuously, verify with continuous integration, and validate our features with experiment-driven metrics. See something missing? We’re growing. Tell us, show us, make us a better team.    Responsibilities   Write elegant, high quality, unit-tested code (be prepared to send in samples of work that you're proud of, bonus points for contributions to open source projects)  Own new platform components from conception to deployment  Proactively communicate with customers to understand and fix problems  Fearlessly learn new technologies and comprehend new problem spaces  Share your work with internal and external stakeholders in team meetings and at conferences  Mentor peers and junior developers on coding standards and best practices     Requirements   Product-focused engineer with ability to translate needs into technical solutions  Full-stack engineer with ability to move between front and back-end development with ease  Comprehensive understanding of web application stacks  5+ years of software development experience (experience with other languages a big plus)  3+ years of relational/nosql database experience  API design experience  Strong working knowledge of testing frameworks  Self directed, self motivated, and at home in a very fast-paced environment  Comfortable with performing devops in a Linux environment  Angular or Backbone experience a plus  Experience with performance tuning and/or security a plus  Experience with digital image processing, video, or 3d visualization a plus    Read More     Apply for Position         Apply for this position  Required *     Apply with LinkedIn         Apply with Indeed           First Name *     Last Name *     Email Address *     Phone *     Resume *   Attach resume or Paste resume    Attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2MB) or Paste resume         Paste your resume here or Attach resume file           Cover Letter *     Who referred you to this position?     Are you willing to relocate?  No answer Yes No    LinkedIn Profile URL:     Twitter     Website, blog or portfolio:     Desired salary     Earliest start date?     In 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. Try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye! *   150    References: Please enter names and contact information:      Submit Application                × Close  Forward This Position       Recipient Email Address (one)     Your Name     Your Email Address     Enter a message (optional)  The message cannot contain links      Human Check*                      Powered by               Staff/Senior Software Engineer, Node.js San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Credit Karma’s Client Infrastructure team is responsible for building the frameworks and platforms that application engineers leverage to quickly connect different systems to deliver new features and products for our customers. We are looking for a staff or senior Node.js software engineer to help lead the design and evolution of our GraphQL API gateway, which will eventually handle all asynchronous data requests across all of our clients.  Responsibilities include designing systems for high throughput and availability, collaborating with other engineers and teams, leading software and system design discussions, delivering high quality, well-tested software, and supporting 24/7/365 site operations of critical components of our infrastructure. Our ideal candidate is self-aware, has strong interpersonal skills, enjoys mentoring other engineers, and has experience designing and supporting high-traffic Node.js applications in production, diagnosing and addressing critical production issues, and scaling and tuning systems for performance. What you’ll do: Design and build our GraphQL API gateway, which will handle all our API traffic Model best practices in software and system engineering Lead technical design discussions Mentor, grow, and collaborate with other engineers Demonstrates the Credit Karma values of empathy, helpfulness, progress and ownership What we look for (you don't need all of these, but the more, the merrier): 6+ years of professional experience in server-side development 2+ years of hands-on Node.js development experience TypeScript experience is a plus Hands-on experience developing and scaling large-scale, high-volume systems Production Node.js experience is a plus DevOps experience is a plus Functional programing is a plus Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively Ability to mentor junior engineers Credit Karma is seeking a diversity of ideas which we believe comes from a diversity of backgrounds. We are committed to being a diverse and inclusive workplace and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Join us! Apply for this job Credit Karma Home Page Jobs powered byStaff/Senior Software Engineer, Node.js San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Credit Karma’s Client Infrastructure team is responsible for building the frameworks and platforms that application engineers leverage to quickly connect different systems to deliver new features and products for our customers. We are looking for a staff or senior Node.js software engineer to help lead the design and evolution of our GraphQL API gateway, which will eventually handle all asynchronous data requests across all of our clients.  Responsibilities include designing systems for high throughput and availability, collaborating with other engineers and teams, leading software and system design discussions, delivering high quality, well-tested software, and supporting 24/7/365 site operations of critical components of our infrastructure. Our ideal candidate is self-aware, has strong interpersonal skills, enjoys mentoring other engineers, and has experience designing and supporting high-traffic Node.js applications in production, diagnosing and addressing critical production issues, and scaling and tuning systems for performance. What you’ll do: Design and build our GraphQL API gateway, which will handle all our API traffic Model best practices in software and system engineering Lead technical design discussions Mentor, grow, and collaborate with other engineers Demonstrates the Credit Karma values of empathy, helpfulness, progress and ownership What we look for (you don't need all of these, but the more, the merrier): 6+ years of professional experience in server-side development 2+ years of hands-on Node.js development experience TypeScript experience is a plus Hands-on experience developing and scaling large-scale, high-volume systems Production Node.js experience is a plus DevOps experience is a plus Functional programing is a plus Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively Ability to mentor junior engineers Credit Karma is seeking a diversity of ideas which we believe comes from a diversity of backgrounds. We are committed to being a diverse and inclusive workplace and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Join us! Apply for this job Credit Karma Home Page Jobs powered by               Settings                        ☰                  Jobs      Help      Visually Impaired      Appointment Types                               Bioinformatics Software Developer        🔍 Bay Area, California, United States          📁  Information Technology     💼  EB-Environ Genomics & Systems Bio     📅         84216  Requisition #             Apply for Job   Share this Job              Position Summary: Berkeley Lab’s Environmental Genomics & Systems Biology Division has an opening for a Bioinformatics Software Developer. We are looking for full stack software engineers to help us create innovative solutions to functionally annotate and interpret the genomes for humans and other organisms, to help diagnose and elucidate diseases, and to further our understanding of the biological mechanisms underpinning these diseases. Our group provides infrastructure, APIs, data integration and ontologies for multiple major projects including the Gene Ontology , the Monarch Initiative , the Open Biological Ontologies , and the NCATS Translator projects. We use a variety of languages (JavaScript, Python, Java, Scala) and database systems (graph databases, triplestores, and document stores).  This role will be a software developer with experience developing web-based applications and a keen sense of software and API design. You should have a strong interest in biology or biomedicine, a willingness to learn, and to work with top domain experts to develop the best applications for encoding biological knowledge and interpreting complex biological datasets is highly desirable.  What You Will Do: Work with an international team of software developers, curators, scientists and clinicians to provide quality applications that realize scientific goals. Work with domain experts to plan and prototype new features and applications. Work with other developers to develop, test, deploy and maintain features of core APIs and web applications. Troubleshoots basic problems and recommends action and solutions.  What Is Required: Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent experience. 4 or more years of experience team-based software engineering. Proficiency in JavaScript and Python. Experience with one or more database technologies (relational, graph, semantic web, noSQL, etc.) DevOps (Docker, security, etc.). Solid understanding of computer science fundamentals. Ability to perform in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.  Additional Desired Qualifications: Familiarity with bioinformatics databases and algorithms, experience working with genomic data. One or more JVM languages, e.g. Scala. Experience with knowledge representation frameworks, semantic web technology and ontologies. Good understanding of mathematics and statistics.  The posting shall remain open until the position is filled.  Notes:  This is a full time, 1 year, term appointment with the possibility of extension or conversion to Career appointment based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs. Full-time, M-F, exempt (monthly paid) from overtime pay. Salary is commensurate with experience. This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. Work will be primarily performed at: West Berkeley Biocenter (Potter St.) — Bldg. 977, 717 Potter St., Berkeley, CA.  Berkeley Lab ( LBNL ) addresses the world’s most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab’s scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science.  Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the  Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision  under 41 CFR 60-1.4.  Click  here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law."                                       Previous Job Searches             My Profile    Create and manage profiles for future opportunities.  Go to Profile           My Submissions    Track your opportunities.  My Submissions              Similar Listings      High Performance Computing Systems Engineer    NE-NERSC   Bay Area, California, United States  📁 Information Technology    Requisition #:  83960       Software Developer 3    JG-Joint Genome Institute   Bay Area, California, United States  📁 Information Technology    Requisition #:  84206       Software Engineer / API Developer    NE-NERSC   Bay Area, California, United States  📁 Information Technology    Requisition #:  84041       View More Listings                     Jobs      Help      Sitemap      Visually Impaired      Appointment Types      © Berkeley Lab Careers. All rights reserved.        Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law."     Privacy & Security Notice | LBNL is an E-verify Employer | Contact Us  The Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory provides accommodation to otherwise qualified internal and external applicants who are disabled or become disabled and need assistance with the application process. Internal and external applicants that need such assistance may contact the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory to request accommodation by telephone at 510-486-7635, by email to accommodation@lbl.gov or by U.S. mail at EEO/AA Office, One Cyclotron Road, MS90R-2121, Berkeley, CA 94720. These methods of contact have been put in place ONLY to be used by those internal and external applicants requesting accommodation.                                  1  0        Staff/Sr. Frontend Engineer  San Francisco, CA   Disrupting the cloud e-commerce industry Requirements 8+ years of experience developing in Javascript 2+ years working with React.js Past experience with Backbone.js or similar frameworks Experience building client applications from scratch Experience with automating testing frameworks (i.e. Jest, Mocha) and/or E2E testing Product development, and refactoring experience Some DevOps experience building out a multi-environment continuous deployment system - tools like Jenkins, etc    Apply                  Thank you for requesting a demo. We'll be in touch soon.      {{ error }}                      Request a Demo                1-888-991-2791 | 24/7 Live Support  Location | Careers | Contact Us                     Our Process  Services  Case Studies  Clients  Partners  Blog  About Us  Contact                 ClearScale Is Growing  Talk to a Cloud Specialist          Overview  Our Team  Careers  Cloud Resources  Contact Us          We empower teams to achieve their goals  ClearScale is a leading cloud systems integration firm providing a wide range of cloud services including architecture design, development, integration, migration, automation, and managed services. We help Fortune 500 enterprises, mid-sized business, and startups succeed with ambitious, challenging, and unique cloud projects. We architect, develop, and launch innovative and sophisticated solutions using the best cutting-edge cloud technologies.  ClearScale is growing quickly and there is high demand for the services we provide. Clients come to us for our deep experience with key cloud infrastructure, automation, and management providers like AWS, Chef, and Docker.  This is a unique opportunity to make a big impact, enjoy competitive compensation, work on a wide variety of projects for clients across multiple industries, and work alongside some of the best minds in cloud.  See below for open positions and details on how to apply.  Current openings      ClearScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: ClearScale is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at ClearScale are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. ClearScale will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. ClearScale encourages applicants of all ages.           Case Study   Innovation Leadership “Samsung Cloud Print”  Read Case Study        Blog  Robust & Scalable Voter Guide Solution Leveraging Amazon Web Services  Read Blog        White Paper   San Jose Water Company Expedites New Feature Delivery with DevOps Help from ClearScale on AWS  Read White Paper        Case Study   The Big Data Infrastructure That Powers The Globe and Mail’s Article Recommendation Engine  Read Case Study              San Francisco  Headquarters  71 Stevenson St.  Suite 400  San Francisco, CA 94105  O: 1-888-991-2791  F: 1-415-655-6601    Denver  999 18th Street,  Suite 3000  Denver, CO 80202  O: 1-303-357-4738    Phoenix  2266 South Dobson Road  Suite 200  Mesa, AZ 85202  O: 1-480-603-3034    Toronto  100 King Street West  Suite 5600  Toronto, Ontario, M5X 1C9  O: 1-416-479-5447    New York  165 Broadway, 23rd Floor  New York City, NY 10006  O: 1-646-759-3656                    © 2017 ClearScale, LLC. All Rights Reserved.  About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy                        live chat answering service         Subscriptions Profile Company Admin Sign out About Cisco   AppDynamics is now part of Cisco  Learn More Product Product Features Overview  Application Performance Management  End-User Monitoring  Business Performance Monitoring APP iQ PLATFORM Visibility and dashboards for managing application, customer experience, and business performance LEARN MORE Pricing Overview FAQ Solutions Use Cases DevOps Monitoring Business Performance Microservices Cloud Migration Continuous Delivery Cloud Monitoring For Developers Java .Net PHP Node.js C++ Python Apache Web Server Go Security and Availability Business Transactions Extensibility Industry Financial Services Government Healthcare Insurance Retail Media and Entertainment Telecom Role IT Operations CIO App Development Business Owner and Analyst Mobile Development CMO Resources Resources Overview Webinars Events Extensions AppDynamics University Community Documentation AppDynamics Essentials Getting Started Take a Guided Tour This quick guided tour walks you through AppDynamics APM’s industry-leading features and benefits Take a tour Customers See All Case Studies  RETAIL | Container Store  TECHNOLOGY | Cisco  Financial Services | Nasdaq Company Overview What is AppDynamics? Leadership Press Blog Partners Careers Contact Us Help & Support START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In Sign in Account Company Careers About Cisco   AppDynamics is now part of Cisco  Learn More START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In  Product Product Features Overview  Application Performance Management  End-User Monitoring  Business Performance Monitoring APP iQ PLATFORM Pricing Overview  FAQ Solutions Use Cases DevOps  Monitoring Business Performance  Microservices  Cloud Migration  Continuous Delivery  Cloud Monitoring For Developers Java  .Net  PHP  Node.js  C++  Python  Apache Web Server  Go  Security and Availability  Business Transactions  Extensibility Industry Financial Services  Government  Healthcare  Insurance  Retail  Media and Entertainment  Telecom Role IT Operations  CIO  App Development  Business Owner and Analyst  Mobile Development  CMO Resources Resources Overview  Webinars  Events  Extensions  AppDynamics University  Community  Documentation  AppDynamics Essentials  Getting Started  Take a Guided Tour Customers See All Case Studies RETAIL | Container Store  TECHNOLOGY | Cisco  Financial Services | Nasdaq Company Overview  What is AppDynamics?  Leadership  Press  Blog  Partners  Careers  Contact Us Help & Support  Sign in Account Subscriptions  Profile  Sign out Company Careers  Sorry, iframes are not supported. Quick Links Product Pricing Solutions Company Careers Partners Supply Chain Transparency AppDynamics Read more about how AppDynamics Integrated Network Visibility can help facilitate collaboration between teams and b… https://t.co/au7ue4vla8 3 days, 6 hours ago See more from @AppDynamics > Latest from the Blog Subscribe to the AppDynamics Blog Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form Trending Topics What is AppDynamics? Breaking Down IoT Introducing Business iQ Cloud Migration Gartner Magic Quadrant (APM) Build and Scale Microservices About Cisco & AppDynamics Help Community Support Portal Documentation Resources Contact Us Copyright © 2009 - 2017 AppDynamics. All Rights Reserved. English (UK)  English (USA)  Deutsche  Français  日本語  English (USA) Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Security          Skip to Main Content        Support  Contact Us           Mobile navigation menu      About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations  Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  View All Jobs        About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations   Jobs by Talent Areas   Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship    View All Jobs             Where      What                Pearson Jobs        Where   city, state, country    What   job title, keywords             Home  View All Jobs  ( 791 )              Pearson    Cloud Security Engineer, Identity & Access in  San Francisco , California          Cloud Security Engineer, Identity & Access  Description  At Pearson, we have a once in a generation opportunity to transform teaching & learning to prepare people for a changing economy.  The educational ecosystem is changing at a ferocious pace. Our company is changing rapidly. We no longer have the luxury of waiting to see how the market will change; we need to operate differently.  Learners today are preparing to enter a world of work in which the skills required for employment are rapidly changing.  Lifelong learning & ongoing re-skilling will become a reality for most.  In addition - Technology has changed our expectations of how we live, work, communicate.  Learners expect education to be engaging and inspiring. They expect digital learning to be as responsive, secure,  fast and effective as the other apps in their pocket - Facebook, iTunes.  They expect to have access to learning anytime, anyplace, any device and get help when they need it - Consumer Grade without being a target of cyber attacks.  One of biggest investments is in a new digital platform - the Global Learning Platform - which will fundamentally change the way we design, develop and deliver learning experiences, enabling new business models.  Pearson’s Global Learning Platform will provide engaging, responsive, and personalized learning experiences to students everywhere. The cloud security team at Pearson will drive all aspects of design, build, operate and assess across cloud based digital platforms and products.  Responsibilities  As a direct report to the Director, Product Information Security Officer (PISO), you will have the following responsibilities:   Work closely with product and platform teams to engineer and implement cloud security controls with a focus on identity and access management  Cloud Security IAM engineer  will fundamentally change the way Pearson access management is established for AWS environments  Implement AWS based cloud security capabilities leveraging  KMS, IAM policies and groups  Assist with Key Management and security strategy, roadmap and vision definition, lead AWS Cloud KMS application architecture and technical design.  Lead AWS Cloud IAM and KMS engineering integrations with digital platforms and products  Build working relationships with corporate IAM product development and engineering teams.  Extensive experience in MFA technologies using platforms such as  Forgerock and Authy  Evaluate security technologies for cloud environments in order to implement controls in the most streamlined and integrated manner  Develop cloud security solutions to enable production security operations (SOC)  Deploy large-scale cloud environments using container and microservice technologies  Develop security capabilities in support of DevOps processes  Secure cloud development and delivery processes  Craft and evangelize secure cloud platform & product requirements  Communicate security risks and solutions to business partners, platform & product teams  Embrace a culture of continuous service improvement and service excellence  Stay current on security industry trends   Qualifications  Required Experience   Overall 6 years experience in Technology with extensive experience in cloud solutions (AWS, OpenStack)  At least 3 years architecting and developing AWS- based applications solution design and development, security of access endpoints, data and infrastructure in cloud with strong EC2, IAM, KMS, HSM, S3, Cloudwatch and Cloud Trail knowledge.  Minimum 2  years of experience with planning and implementing IAM capabilities, including: Identity Governance & Administration, Access Management & Federation, Directory Services, Key Management as a Service (KMaaS), experience implementing packaged or custom KMS solutions, including but not limited to products such as ForgeRock and Authy  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience.  Experience with custom development or IAM solutions using AWS integration technologies, Python, Java/EE, JSON, SAML, XACML, SCIM.  Hand on-Experience in virtualization, Cloud Formation, Python in building hybrid cloud models with with layered security  Real time scalability and highly available solutions leveraging functions like Lambda, AWS Auto Scaling and Cloud Formations.  Source code management tools such as BitBucket  Skilled in HTML/CSS, JSON, REST, HTTP, Python, Java/EE, SAML, XACML, SCIM  AWS certification along with other security certifications such as CISSP, SSCP is  a plus  Actively Participate in data design sessions  Strong hands-on experience in development in the AWS cloud environment, SAML based SSO and industry standard integrations for Identity and Access Management.  Knowledge in development languages such as Java, .Net, Node.js, Python, Ruby etc.  The candidate will apply their experience building reliable, scalable, secure data driven process automation for managing user access life cycle for AWS console.  Hands-on knowledge on DevOps methodologies and tools like SVN/GIT, Jenkins, JIRA, confluence, various monitoring/alerting tools;  Experience on Agile delivery;  Familiar with a broad range of cloud security technologies such as Container, encryption and key management, DDoS protection, configuration compliance  Some proven ability in securing the CI/CD pipeline   Competences and Behaviors   Highly self-motivated with the ability to identify areas of focus and tackle new challenges with or without direction.  Must be able to communicate effectively and build solid relationships with individuals at all levels, in multiple geographies and business functions.  Strong oral, written, and presentation abilities - able to convey risk to all levels of the business, from C-level executives to operations and development teams;  Strong business acumen with the ability to build business cases for technology initiatives and to effectively communicate the value proposition to non-technical stakeholders  Excellent oral and written communication skills and exceptional interpersonal skills.  Demonstrated ability to work under pressure.  Ability to work within a dynamic and fast paced international environment  Ability to build rapport with other team members and relevant teams  Very good communications, presentation and negotiations skills  Technically innovative  Able to express technical and non-technical concepts in clear verbal and written English  Very good written skills to document complex concepts in a comprehensive, yet readable manner  Encourages people to be open and share their views  Considers a range of options that meet the needs of all stakeholders  Ability to use own initiative to solve technical problems  Delivery Focused  Takes responsibility for projects and strategic initiatives  Demonstrate clear and measurable results through the development of KPIs, goals and milestones  Ambitious and competitive  Drive innovation and best practice  Strive for standardization and simplification in all aspects of work  Able to balance the needs of the business against the desire for the best solution possible   #LI-LL  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  Primary Location: US-TX-San Antonio  Other Locations US-CA-San Francisco, US-CO-Centennial, US-NC-Morrisville, US-TX-Austin  Work Locations: US-TX-San Antonio-19500 Bulverde 19500 Bulverde Road San Antonio 78259  Job: Technology  Organization: Technology & Operations  Employee Status: Regular Employee  Job Type: Standard  Shift: Day Job  Job Posting: Nov 7, 2017  Req ID: 1716226           Apply Now       Apply Now    Share                 Current Search Criteria     Cloud Security Engineer, Identit...    San Francisco    California   Clear All            Technology  Sales  Research and Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  All Jobs              If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 1-877-311-0948.  Please follow the links below to the "EEO is The Law", which describes the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability or genetic information. www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm and the "EEO is the Law Supplement" which has additional information for Federal Contractors: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf  The Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision found here ( https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_formattedESQA508c.pdf ) provides applicants and employees notice that Pearson will not discriminate against them for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co-workers.  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, disability status, veteran status, national origin or any other characteristic protected by law.          Contact Us  News  Support        Facebook         Twitter         Google+         LinkedIn                 About Pearson   Who We Are  What We Do  Board of Directors   Our Position On       Products & Services      Efficacy & Research   Higher Education Research  Schools Education Research  Professional Education Research  Our Methods  Our People  Efficacy Reports       Sustainability   About Sustainability  Sustainability In Action   Sustainability Governance   Reporting & Policy Downloads       Investors   Investor Information  Managing Your Shares       Careers   Job Opportunities  Who You Are   Why Join Us              Privacy Policy  Cookies  Legal Statement  Accessibility                          CLOSE    Skip to content  Home  About   About Us  Our Story  Culture  Testimonials  Community Outreach  Awards & Recognition  Internal Opportunities  TekPartners Incentive Program    Leadership Team   Executive Leadership  Corporate Leadership  Field Leadership    Services   Professional Staffing  Managed Services  IT Project Solutions    Search Jobs  Newsroom   The Techie Times Archive    Locations  Contact Us   Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Menu                 Job Detail      Search Jobs DevOps System Engineer Profession: Information Technology Specialty: Systems Engineer City: San Francisco State: CA Status: Open Term: Direct Hire Job Id: 55706 Description Title: DevOps System Engineer  Location: San Francisco, CA  Direct Hire/FTE   Essential Duties and Responsibilities:   Perform root cause analysis on critical incidents and events with servers and networks and provide technical support (for virtual and non-virtual environments).  Analyze data including various logs, traffic trace, and complex configuration data.  Provide support and escalation for Level 1 NOC technicians in resolving critical customer-impacting issues.  Monitor cloud environments by setting up alerts, reviewing error logs and analyzing user traffic patterns.  Perform in-depth trend analysis of system and application events.  Provide support and escalation for our client base.  Troubleshoot application and infrastructure related incidents.  Regularly interface with peer teams on support and implementation initiatives.  Execute planned changes.  Provide capacity analysis and participate in performance testing.  Execute automated tasks via scripting; including remediation and testing.  Problem analysis and remediation in a fast paced, customer-centric environment.  Position requires after hours work (flexible schedule).  Works under minimal supervision.   Required Qualifications/Skills:   7-10 years' experience in hands-on support of Windows Server operating systems (2003, 2008, 2012) and Active Directory Services.  5+ years' experience working with Linux operating systems; e.g., Ubuntu, etc.  5+ years' experience working with virtualization: performance tuning, capacity management, design, administration, and configuration, preferably with VMWare, Openstack, or other industry-standard virtualization platforms.  3+ years' hands-on experience with various storage platforms; e.g., EMC, Netapp, Left Hand, Solid Fire.  5+ years' experience managing and supporting high availability systems.  Functional understanding of the DEVOps model.  Experience with configuration management tools like Microsoft System Center.  Experience with coding and scripting languages like PowerShell, PowerCLI, Java, Python.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Passionate about learning new technologies and platforms.   Preferred Qualifications/Skills:   Working knowledge of MS SQL, MySQL, etc.  Experience with configuration management tools such as Chef, Salt, or Ansible a plus.  Exposure to and high comfort level in working with Linux operating systems.  Familiarity with container technologies (e.g. Docker).  Experience with open source technologies and concepts.  Experience with Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) applications (Open Stack, vSphere, Amazon Web Services, etc.) a plus.   Interpersonal Skills:   Ability to multitask and adapt quickly to emerging technologies.  Process and procedure driven.  Has solid, analytical thought process in response to challenges or problems.  Ability to prioritize multiple tasks effectively and able to operate in a fast-paced, intensely deadline-oriented work environment.  Commitment to quality and attention to detail.  Ability to work in a team environment and partner effectively with others.  Ability to communicate effectively (listening, presenting, and questioning).  Ability to be flexible in a negotiating environment.  Excellent customer service skills.  Strong organizational skills.   Education/Certification/License:   A.S. /B.S. in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or related field preferred.  Microsoft Certified.  VMware Certified.  Linux Certified.   Travel Requirement: Minimal potential for travel.   3173567 TekPartners Quick Apply    First Name * Last Name * Email *   Phone * City State State Alabama Arizona Alaska Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip Code Resume Tracking ID Pageview ID Visitor ID Job ID Source Name Profession Specialty Title Download Resume              More Info Contact Corporate Headquarters 5810 Coral Ridge Drive Suite 250 Coral Springs, FL 33076 Phone: 954.656.8600 Fax: 954.282.6070  HQ@tekpartners.com Similar Positions Lead Linux Engineeer in Chicago IL Enterprise Infrastructure Project Manager in Miami FL Systems Engineer in Murfreesboro TN Hot Jobs Email Production Specialist  in Celebration FL Senior Systems Integrator in Charlotte NC Full-Stack Developer in Tampa FL Job Detail Page                 Email  Phone  Location  Social  Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Copyright © 2012 – 2017 TekPartners                              You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to use this application.
	If you need help with this setting, please view our help doc .   It is recommended to have cookies enabled in your browser to use this application.
If you need help with this setting, please view our help doc .       Need help?  Email us: support@accolo.com   Call us:  877.422.2656 ext 3    DevOps Lead - Cloud Transformation for the AEC Ecosystem        This web application works best on Firefox and Chrome browsers.   DevOps Lead - Cloud Transformation for the AEC Ecosystem     You're the best DevOps Engineer around, but you know that in these times of constant change, professional growth requires hands-on action coupled with continuous learning. Every day you work on improving your technical skills and increasing your overall business acumen. But like the professionals here at Flux, you want even more.  You're looking for a company focused on disrupting the four-trillion-dollar Architecture, Engineering, and Construction (AEC) industry with never-before-seen integrated tools that will provide ease of use, facilitate speed, elevate quality, and lower costs for the entire ecosystem of users. At Flux , we're transforming the AEC industries with integrated cloud-based products, and we need an exceptional Lead DevOps Engineer to join us in our mission. Intrigued? If you want challenge, collaboration, an amazing team, and a career you can truly be proud of, read on for more details.   What You'll Do:  Based in our San Francisco office, our Lead ​DevOps Engineer will enhance a global platform for architects, engineers, and general contractors running on Google Cloud . A vast data storage array supports 3D designs and the flow of information for those collaborating across multi-billion-dollar projects. Flux is building this cloud for AEC applications and data leveraging technology developed from the company’s origin: Google X . Our goal is no less than the complete transformation of the industry, and as our Lead DevOps Engineer , you'll be an integral part of this trailblazing technology revolution.  Your primary objective will be to leverage your mastery of Google Cloud technologies like BigTable and BigQuery to handle applications and data at scale. Your intimate familiarity with Kubernetes and container management will be critical as you work with our team to manage software that includes a geometry engine, an application store, and the requisite virtual servers. Your collaboration with a small team of engineers will grow your knowledge of 3D modeling, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality.  What You'll Bring:  You are a DevOps Engineering expert with drive and a passion for making a difference. You relish novel technical challenges, and you thrive in a startup culture that values problem-solving and teamsmanship. Your background includes a deep understanding of and hands-on experience with network infrastructure, infrastructure as code, scripting, load balancing, troubleshooting, cloud technologies, containerized applications, and big data management. You have a BSCS or other applicable formal education.  Yes, we require a daunting menu of strengths, but rather than intimidating you - your pulse is racing and you're ready to join us at the table of transformational change. In addition to market pay and benefits, we also provide stock options. If this matches your goals for your next career challenge, please apply online today for our thoughtful consideration. (You may call the recruiter, Liz Klein, at 469-223-4900 prior to or after applying to discuss the opportunity in more detail.)   Flux enables predictably great building. We're a well-funded startup born from the Google X incubator, focused on transforming the Architecture, Engineering and Construction ecosystem. Our platform and apps connect models, planning tools, and spreadsheets for easy collaboration and information access. We enable Architects, Engineers, and Contractors to connect and collaborate using the information they need, when they need it.    Related Keywords:  DevOps, DevOps Engineer, BigTable, BigQuery, kubernetes, chef, puppet, containers, containerized applications, container management, big data, infrastructure as code, servers, load balancing, Python, Bash, Perl, Linux, Unix, Windows, Google Cloud, AWS, Azure, cloud storage, security, git, best practices, project management, challenge, passion, BSCS, BSEE, math, physics, object-oriented, Agile       Job Information   Job Id  Flux-DevOpsEngr  Company  Flux  Location  San Francisco, California  Position  Senior DevOps Engineer  Type  Full Time         Apply Online Now          Refer a Friend Today      --  on social networks         Print Job Description          Loading...    DevOps Engineer San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Would you like to help run the systems that Endless uses to provide our next generation operating system and applications? You will be responsible for developing and maintaining the services that our infrastructure provides. This work requires strong knowledge of Linux services and server deployment. You will interface with many teams to support their contributions to Endless’s products. Your responsibilities will include maintenance and monitoring of these services as well as the servers they run on. The Endless infrastructure services includes build and continuous integration, issue tracking, download and artifact management, identity management and authorization, and others. You will ensure that these services are highly available and deployed robustly with minimum impact to Endless employees and users. Primary Job Responsibilities Maintain service configurations Deploy and rotate services Manage employee accounts and authorizations Stay current with emerging deployment and orchestration technologies Minimum Qualifications BS in Computer Science (or equivalent) Strong problem solving and analytical skills Experience with server deployment and configuration tools such as Ansible Proven experience with Linux environments Knowledge of configuration management tools such as Git and Jenkins Strong development skills in high level programming languages such as Python Ability to troubleshoot and debug server applicationsUnderstanding of Linux networking and remote process communications Ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with other top-tier engineers all over the world Desire to make a difference in the developing world Preferred Qualifications Management of AWS EC2 instances Experience with server monitoring systems such as Nagios Development of Docker containersKnowledge of DNS resolution and management of DNS zones Experience with VPN managementAbility to operate and maintain LDAP systems Understanding of software release management Experience creating secure systems and verifying their robustness Experience with OSTree systems and repository management Ability to clearly explain concepts and problems to employees and clients in non-technical terms Experience with Debian package management For more about the Endless mission, product and team, visit our website at https://endlessos.com/ . Endless is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity at Endless and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, veteran status, marital status or disability status. Apply for this job Endless Home Page Jobs powered by        Grid Dynamics Careers        Senior Java Engineer  Java Development San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    Description  <p As a key member of this team, you will be working in collaboration with worldwide industry experts. This is an excellent opportunity, as a key contributor to this project, to create the next generation of network-centric distributed and scalable architectures. Come be part of our bright engineering team with open communication, empowerment, innovation, and customer-centric culture. We work with bleeding-edge technologies, including J2EE, in-memory data grids such as Oracle Coherence, NoSQL databases such as Apache Cassandra, automated testing tools such as Fitnesse, Selenium WebDriver, built in-house Jagger performance measurement tool, Continuous Integration and Delivery, etc. Responsibilities: Participate in the design and development of high-performance business applications, from requirements analysis to production Constantly improve software quality (evaluate and incorporate new libraries, tools and technologies; code reviews; refactoring; testing; etc.) Analyze and improve application performance Search for simple and robust solutions to complex tasks Work in an Agile methodology environment where innovation, teamwork and creativity are the key for success Collaborate with a team of developers, QA engineers, analysts located in St Petersburg, Russia and San Francisco, CA Requirements: 3+ years in Software Development Education in Computer Science or similar theoretical knowledge in CS: algorithms and complexity estimation, data structures, operating systems, programming languages Excellent knowledge of Java platform (collections, concurrency, etc). Good understanding of JVM internals is a plus Experience in enterprise application development (J2EE, Spring Source, etc) is a plus Understanding of distributed architectures and scalability principles Knowledge of Linux/Unix-based operating systems (bash/ssh/ps/grep etc.) Understanding of SDLC and Agile methodologies in particular Hands-on experience with developer daily basis tools such as IDE’s, compilers, debuggers, profilers, version control systems, bug tracking systems, build systems (ANT, Maven2, etc), code coverage and automated testing tools Experience with unit and integration testing (JUnit, TestNG, Mockito, etc.) RDBMS experience (SQL, JDBC). Understanding of ORM frameworks internals is a plus Desire and ability to quickly learn new tools and technologies Ability to proactively identify and solve engineering problems Good interpersonal communication skills, both verbal and written What We Offer Opportunity to work on bleeding-edge projects Work with a highly motivated and dedicated team Competitive salary Flexible schedule Medical insurance Benefits program Social package - medical insurance, sports Corporate social events Professional development opportunities About us : Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors. We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season. Founded in 2006 and headquartered in Menlo Park, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, scalable omni-channel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement.      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite                 Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply      Infrastructure Engineer San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Play a mission-critical role in designing and building the infrastructure that powers all things reliability. We’re looking for someone with the experience, creativity, and passion for producing world-class technology. Companies and consumers alike will rely heavily on what you build, and you’ll have a ton of trust and responsibility. If challenges excite you, and you’re ready for a large one, let us know. Responsibilities Spearhead major infrastructure, devops, reliability, and security initiatives Oversee PCI compliance and coordinate quarterly audits Build tools for automation, deployment, monitoring and operations Defend and maintain Bolt's infrastructure from internal and external threats Build tools to deploy and operate applications Troubleshoot issues across the entire stack, from network and OS to applications Set strategic direction for infrastructure and operations Requirements 4+ years of professional experience Independent and self-driven Experience with operations, maintenance, site reliability engineering, and security Experience in operating and maintaining AWS based deployments Experience with configuration management technologies (Ansible, Puppet, Chef, or similar) Experience with Linux at scale Experience with highly secure systems Advanced knowledge of TCP/IP, web application security, and HTTP/HTTPS Ability to operate in a startup environment and execute in the presence of ambiguity and change Willing to do security compliance (PCI-DSS, Auditing) Located in or willing to relocate to Bay Area Nice-to-Haves Experience with PCI compliance Experience with modern container systems (Docker, Vagrant, etc.) Strong scripting (BASH, SH), Go and Python skills Strong understanding of current Internet security issues and threats Experience in scaling technical infrastructures Experience in defending corporations against malware, phishing, and other forms of exploits Experience in payments or financial services Additionally, experience with some of the following is helpful: AWS, EC2, ELB, Docker, Nomad, Consul, RDS, cluster management, scheduler, Mesos, Kubernetes, Google Cloud, CDN, SSH, Postgres, MySQL, Redis Hiring an infrastructure engineer to architect, implement, maintain, secure, and automate our infrastructure. Apply for this job Bolt Home Page Jobs powered by        Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply             Toggle navigation        Get Demo         Platform  Platform   Overview  Payroll  HR  Benefits  Compliance  Time  Mobile  App Connect    Overview  Payroll  HR  Benefits  Compliance  Time  Mobile  App Connect    Customers  Partners   Services                  Pricing   Resources  Resources   Resource Center  Blog  Events  Webinars  Support    Resource Center  Blog  Events  Webinars  Support    Support  888. 249. 3263  Sign in  Get Demo  Sign in          ×   Thanks, we’ll be in touch soon.  Can’t wait? Take our demo for a test drive.  Try Now  Buy Now          ×    See how it works          Please enter first and last name      Please enter a valid email address      Please enter company name      #Employees  0-10 Employees  11-50 Employees  51-150 Employees  151-300 Employees  301+   Please select a value      Please enter a valid zip code.      Please enter a valid phone number       Do you currently have payroll?    Yes  No           Select a Provider  ADP  Gusto  Intuit  OnPay  Paychex  Paylocity         Do you currently offer benefits to your employees?    Yes  No           Are you looking to offer benefits to your current employees in the next three months?    Yes  No                    Thank you!  One of our representatives will be in touch with you shortly.   Sign up for Weekly newsletter packed with news, tips and more!       Please enter a valid Email Address                 Thank you!     Already using Zenefits?  Let us know what you are looking for.   Login  Request Product Demo     Did your employer ask you to create an account?  You should have received an email from us with a registration link. Click below and we'll send a new registration link.   Request a new registration link     Looking for support? Click here                 Zennation  iOS Engineer    iOS Engineer San Francisco, CA   Here's the gist:  Zenefits is the leading all-in-one HCM (human capital management) solution for small and medium businesses. Designed as an interconnected ecosystem of apps,Zenefits delivers the most complete HR experience by combining its own powerful apps with dozens of best-of-breed providers on the Zenefits platform. Built on a modern technology stack, Zenefits’ platform provides a comprehensive Employee Record tightly integrated with Zenefits’ apps like on-boarding, payroll, compliance and benefits administration and partner apps like email, expense management, 401(k) and employee engagement. The result is a powerful HCM solution that helps mid-market businesses manage their people, stay compliant and save thousands of hours in lost time.  Zenefits is creating an amazing mobile experience where our users can quickly and easily complete their day-to-day benefits and HR related tasks like requesting time off, clocking in and out, viewing pay stubs, and accessing health insurance information. Our mobile applications will soon become the way most of our users interact with Zenefits. On our newly created mobile team, you will help lay the foundation on which our iOS applications are built going forward.  Responsibilities:   Ability to own what you are building and see it through from end to end  Help lay the groundwork to enable us to efficiently build out our iOS applications  Collaborate with the team to learn and establish best practices and processes  Define APIs used between backend services and mobile applications   A little more about you:   Minimum of 2 plus years of work experience with the iOS SDK  Strong Objective C skills  A track record of building and releasing high quality features for iOS applications  Experience writing unit tests and UI tests for iOS applications  Eye for good design and user experience   Nice-to-haves:   Experience building and maintaining backend services  Have worked on side projects or open source projects  Experience with Swift  Experience with devops, continuous integration      Apply for this job        First Name*   Please provide a valid first name.    Last Name*   Please provide a valid last name.      Email Address*   This field is required.    Phone Number*   Please provide a valid phone number.      Cover Letter   This field is required.    Resume*   This field is required.       LinkedIn Profile     Website     How did you hear about this job?      Apply                                            Take Zenefits for a spin.      Please enter your full name     Please enter a valid email address     # Employees  0-10 Employees  11-50 Employees  51-150 Employees  150-300 Employees  301+ Employees   Please select a value          Thank you for your request!                  Platform  Zenefits Platform  Payroll  HR  Benefits  Compliance  Time  Mobile  App Connect      Learn  Resources  Support  Blog  Events  Webinars      Support  Services   Partners  Pricing      Company  About Us  Press  Security  Careers      Contact  See Demo  Login  Sales
                  888-249-3263        Platform    Zenefits Platform  Payroll  HR  Benefits  Compliance  Time  Mobile  App Connect     Learn    Resources  Support  Blog  Events  Webinars     Support    Services  Broker  HR Specialists  Partners  Pricing     Company    About Us  Press  Security  Careers     Contact    See Demo  Login  Sales
                  888-249-3263  Support                 © 2017, YourPeople, Inc., d/b/a Zenefits. All rights reserved. The Zenefits platform and HR services provided
          by ManageYourPeople LLC, d/b/a Zenefits HR Services. Payroll services provided by PayYourPeople LLC, d/b/a
          Zenefits Payroll Services. Insurance services provided by InsureYourPeople LLC, d/b/a Zenefits Insurance
          Services.
          For additional insurance license and legal information, please visit licenses .     Privacy | Terms                                 ﻿                            Search for More Jobs  Forward this job to a friend   Apply by email without Registering  Apply by creating/using  account         Sign in   Language   English   Français  Español            From:      To:     Subject:     Message:                 OK  Cancel                          Email:     Password:     Forgot your password?  Log In             Please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.   Your Email        OK          From      Subject     Resume       Browse       Browse      Browse         Message         OK  Cancel                               Previous    DevOps Engineer (With Chef)      Next       Ref No.:  17-09164   Location:  San Francisco, California       DevOps Engineer (With Chef)   ·         Proven ability to thrive in a fast-past development operations role - 6+ years of relevant experience ·         Ability to communicate and collaborate cross-functionally, and work well in a team-oriented environment ·         Extensive hands-on knowledge with min 2+ years of experience on creating Chef recipes and cookbooks to build CI/CD pipeline or configuration management ·         Working knowledge on Testing recipes using Test Kitchen, Berkshelf, ChefSpec, etc ·         Should have knowledge Security management using data bags and handling other environment configurations (Attributes, Roles, Environment) ·         Modular development creating Chef CI and other best practices around creating scalable chef-based automation ·         Should have worked a a Chef administrator with experience in installing and configuring Chef ·         Should have experience on working with Vagrant for local setup while testing cookbooks ·         Solid understanding of deploying and operating Linux variants in a highly-virtualized or hosted environment ·         Ability to support and extend our CM environments, tools and processes using tools such as Puppet or Chef ·         Ability to build and implement continuous integation (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) environments using tools such as Jenkins, Artifactory, SonarQube, Urban Code Deploy ·         Working knowledge with Atlassian tools Jira, Confluence, BitBucket, Crowd ·         Ability to automate using scripting languages such as Ruby, Shell Scripting, Groovy ·         Demonstrated ability to build and maintain code repositories with Git or SVN ·         Ability to document and train on CI/CD best practices to our IT & Engineering organizations ·         Experience with some of the following preferred: Vagrant, MySQL, NoSQL, SonarQube, Splunk or Graylog, Nagios or New Relic, Docker ·         Ability to troubleshooting network services and protocols such as TCP/IP, DNS, AD, LDAP, SSH, SMTP, SSL, HTTP, IIS and Apache ·         Working experience of Agile/SCRUM techniques Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field (or equivalent experience      Apply by creating/using  account               OK                        × close                     Jobs   Jobs   Jobs                 « Back to all jobs                  © 2017 Practice Fusion, Inc.  | Site Map | Terms | Privacy Policy | EHR Certification                 Job Summary DevOps Engineer Client Locations: San Francisco, CA/ Dallas, TX Candidates have to be based out of either San Francisco, CA or Dallas, TX as they have to be onsite once a week; otherwise can work remotely Duration: 6+ months contract Responsibilities: Work closely with the engineering and product management teams. Troubleshoot site outages and performance issues, including on-call response Manage continuous integration environment Automate, Implement, administer and maintain databases, local and cloud-based servers including provisioning, backups and restores, upgrades, and monitoring. Ensure product applications are Ops ready (logging, monitoring, packaging, HA, etc.) Load and Performance testing applications and services Assist in developing standards and procedures for packaging, deploying and automating software release Ensure security of the production infrastructure, systems and applications. Required Skills/Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent industry experience 5+ years Linux System Administration 3+ years coding/scripting experience (Python, Ruby, Bash, or Perl) 2+ years supporting the software development process Experience working with geographically diverse teams and locations including China, UK Experience in a fast-paced start up environment where IT solutions are critical to business success. Strong experience with DevOps technologies, cloud-based provisioning, monitoring, and troubleshooting Deep understanding of AWS, Docker and Kubernetes. Configuration Management (Terraform, Puppet or Chef, Ansible, etc.) Incident Management Experience building a DevOps organization from scratch Create a Continuous Integration pipeline using associated tools such as Go.CD or Jenkins Experience with Agile software development practices Familiarity with common open source technologies and tools Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience designing and maintaining a cloud based highly-available (HA) service-oriented-architecture (SOA). Regards, Melanie Da Costa Recruiting Manager Endure Technology Solutions Ph: 703-662-6008 Job Type: ContractDevOps Engineer San Francisco Technology Full-time Apply for this job Come drive the transformation of financial services, solve big problems and make a meaningful difference in people’s lives. Join the Upgrade team, the same team that built Lending Club and is now set to innovate again. Upgrade is combining a marketplace lending approach with credit monitoring and credit education features designed to be even more helpful to more people. The company is still at an early stage; this is your opportunity to join early and have a significant impact.  Come join a team of just over 100 talented and passionate fintech engineers, product, credit, finance, legal, compliance, operations and marketing professionals.  We are looking for new team members who get excited about constantly learning, and always seeking to design and implement new and better solutions. Responsibilities: Build and maintain a resilient, secure, and efficient cloud based platform to meet established SLAs Automate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response Monitor site stability and performance and troubleshoot site issues Scale infrastructure to meet rapidly increasing demand Manage cross-functional requirements working with Engineering, Product, Services, and other departments. Collaborate with developers to bring new features and services into production Develop and improve operational practices and procedures Proactively meet standards for information security and compliance, such as ISO, SOX, SSAE 16, etc. Skills: 3-5 years in AWS 5-7 years in Linux administration Advanced using configuration management tool - Chef and command execution frameworks. Strong understanding of system and networking concepts and troubleshooting techniques. In depth knowledge of AWS services and prior experience in developing Hands on experience in AWS provisioning. Advance experience in AWS Architecture and Services (prior experience required) Ability to design high availability applications on AWS across availability zones and availability regions. Ability to design applications on AWS taking advantage of disaster recovery design guidelines. Knowledge of application deployment and data migration on AWS. Prior experience in automated build pipeline, continuous integration and continuous deployment (Jenkins or similar) Knowledge of monitoring, logging and cost management tools that integrate with AWS. Ability to operate in an agile, entrepreneurial start-up environment. AWS certification is a plus Benefits/Perks: Great OPEN office location! Conveniently located in San Francisco Financial District Close to BART and Public Transportation Comprehensive benefits package: Medical, dental, & vision Unlimited vacation policy Kitchen stocked with beverages, snacks & treats Weekly & monthly social gatherings / happy hours We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status Apply for this job Upgrade Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Chargify  (View all jobs)  San Antonio    We're looking for special individuals to join the Chargify mission and serve customers on our operations engineering team.   You’ll be joining the team focused 100% on security, reliability, performance, and internal tooling.   This means backend-heavy work. Diagnosing hard problems, monitoring activity, building custom solutions, and delivering internal value.  Who Are We?  Chargify manages all parts of the revenue lifecycle for subscription and recurring revenue businesses.   The revenue lifecycle includes things like complex recurring billing, retention around failed/delinquent credit card payments, business analytics, and customer service tools for revenue operations. Think of Chargify as the operating system for subscription/recurring revenue businesses.  Since 2009, we have delighted thousands of merchants with our ease of use, customer service, and reliability.  Chargify’s culture is one of our secret weapons; check out our core values at https://www.chargify.com/blog/core-values/.  Our team is engaged, curious, funny, inclusive, thoughtful, smart and reliable.  You can expect to work on the following types of projects:   Refining  internal tools that help to coordinate and manage all our applications  Automating more of our AWS infrastructure  Building a workflow for helping other devs get up to speed with our environment  Helping to to test and launch our Docker cluster (Kubernetes anyone?)   Important credentials:   Extreme thirst to learn  3-5  years software development experience  Knowledge of Linux system administration  We're a payment processing company, so security is always tops of our list.   So you'll  always be working on the best ways to keep our customers' data safe. Knowledge of CORS, CSRF, XSS, HSTS, etc are very helpful.   Compare our word cloud to yours:  Do these things line up with what you know or have used in the past?   Ruby on Rails  AWS VPC  Ubuntu  MySQL  ElasticSearch  Influx  Ansible   Benefits:  US citizens will be eligible for our benefits package, which includes:   Medical, dental, and vision insurance plans  4 weeks paid time off annually  9 paid holidays each year  (Some holiday work needed on a rotating basis and will be compensated)  Company-paid Life and AD&D coverage with the option to purchase additional coverage  Company paid Short Term Disability coverage  401(k) plan  Medical and dependent care flexible spending accounts          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    Do you or will you in the future require sponsorship for a work visa? *   i.e. H1B, TN-1, etc.    --  Yes  No    Do you have a Git Hub ID? If so, please provide the link below. *        What Open Source project would you want to work with? *        LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Chargify are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Sr. Cloud Dev-Ops Applications Support Engineer Join a principled customer-focused team that is transforming an industry and has earned the trust of hundreds of customers and millions of users within the U.S. military, federal government, homeland security agencies, healthcare, fortune 500 companies and higher education institutions. At our client we recognize that the talent and drive of our people is a vital key to our continued success. Responsibilities: End to End support for critical Alert Delivery Applications and Mobile application in production cloud environment Deployment of Application, upgrades and changes to platform capacity Responsible for maximizing system uptime and availability, ensuring functional and performance SLAs Responsible for establishing end-to-end monitoring and alerting on Mobile and Delivery Application to ensure SLAs and get proactive notifications of possible issues for all systems Development of an automation program for applications in Delivery and Mobile Creation of playbooks to run when responding to alerts or incidents Initiate and lead scripting and automation to streamline system updates and upgrades Work with cloud operations team to resolve trouble tickets, developing and running scripts, and troubleshooting in a hosted environment Planning for disaster recovery and capacity growth. Works closely with cloud engineering team on product deployment models, testing and escalations. Works well independently and requires little or no supervision Qualifications and Skills Required: Microsoft Certification (MCSE) or equivalent practical knowledge in cloud environment. Working knowledge of Windows and SQL Server 2008 or above required Working knowledge of VMware; VM management and provisioning; Vblock technology a plus History of understanding, supporting, and troubleshooting application level systems, communications and performance issue in cloud in a multi-tiered architecture Understanding of Microsoft security concepts and Automate regular patches Understand of storage and its relationship to application performance and application management Experience with Application Monitoring (APM), metrics and reporting Advance level technical skills in SMTP and mail relay concepts Advanced level technical skills in global SMS delivery Demonstrated technical competency in 2 or more of the following areas: -Application load balancing techniques both hardware and software -SQL database administration -Writing and developing scripts PowerShell, python JQL, JSON, SQL or other applicable language -Deployment automation frameworks (Chef, Puppet, Salt, Ansible, Jenkins) Excellent troubleshooting and analytics skills Practical understanding or certification in ITIL V2 or V3 Foundations Experience in Azure a plus Experience in SIP protocols, Cisco Call Manager, and IP Telephony a plus, but not a requirement Team player who works well in collaborative fast paced environment. US Citizen Job Type: Full-time Required education: Bachelor's      Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at AdRoll  San Francisco     About the Role:  The Developer Infrastructure team at AdRoll is responsible for building the core infrastructure that keeps AdRoll running. We are looking for strong developers or experienced admins passionate about working with developers to create tools in order to multiply the efficiency of the organization.  As a engineer on this team, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining docker-based continuous build and deployment systems, architectural security, shared microservices, and common in-house libraries shared across the organization. You work with all the developers throughout the organization seeking assistance with the infrastructure both reactively and proactively. You will occasionally interface with vendors who provide crucial hosted pieces of our system architecture. Our infrastructure is one of the fastest growing on AWS, constantly pushing the limits as we test the newest technologies.  Requirements:   2+ year experience in DevOps  Strong Linux administration skills.  Experience with bash, python, and other scripting languages.  Excellent problem solving skills.  Experience with globally distributed systems and AWS infrastructure.  Available after hour and be on call (but working hard to minimize the need).   Bonus Points:   Experience building and releasing large scale web services.  Experience with puppet, ansible, or similar tools.  Experience with high availability systems.  Knowledge of python and its libraries.   Compensation:   Competitive salary and equity  Medical / Dental benefits  Monday Night Dinner & Bagel Wednesday  Paid time off and generous holiday schedule  The opportunity to win the coveted Golden Bagel award   About AdRoll:  AdRoll is a leading performance marketing platform with over 35,000 clients worldwide. Its suite of high-performance tools works across devices, helping businesses attract, convert, and grow their customer base. The company is home to the world's largest opt-in advertiser data co-op, the IntentMap™ with over 1.2 billion digital profiles. AdRoll’s goal is to build the most powerful marketing platform through performance, usability, and openness. AdRoll is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in New York, Chicago, Tokyo, London, Dublin, and Sydney.  AdRoll is committed to creating diverse teams of “Rollers” and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, ancestry, sex, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, citizenship, genetics, disability, age, veteran status or other characteristics.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at AdRoll are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Site Reliability Engineer San Francisco (flexible) Engineering (San Francisco) Full-time Apply for this job Tapingo is the #1 mobile commerce app on campus. Students on 200+ college campuses around the US use Tapingo to get what they want, when they want, where they want. As a Site Reliability Engineer you'll be a member of a small elite team who are responsible to drive scalable architectures, minimize risks, and seek to provide systemic visibility over a multitude of datastores, infrastructure, and code in a fast-paced environment. You'll design and document systems, including writing and reviewing code, to automate away problems within your squad’s domain. You'll undertake measured, methodical, troubleshooting of complicated systems under pressure and partake in an on-call rotation alongside the engineers who build our production backend infrastructure Above all, your work will have an immediate impact the way people experiences local commerce. This position can based in our awesome office in San Francisco OR remotely. Responsibilities Configure and implement scalable solutions for everything from clusters to configuration management Contribute to infrastructure reviews to find bottlenecks and risk areas before they are issues Improve monitoring and alerting systems to get issues to the right people at the right time Diagnose and isolate performance issues at all layers of the stack whether it be code or infrastructure Collaborate with developers to institute reliability and visibility during the development lifecycle Skills & Experience Ability to review and analyze code Script-Fu (Python or bash preferred) Experience administering Linux systems Knowledge of various SQL and NoSQL datastores (MySQL, postgres, MongoDB, preferred) Experience in cloud infrastructure (AWS preferred) Knowledge of full stack monitoring, from code to system resources Familiarity of troubleshooting in a complex environment Experience with CI / CD a plus Experience with docker a plus Minimum 3 years' experience in devops, SRE, or systems Bachelor's degree in CS, engineering, MIS – or equivalent real-world experience Benefits Stock Competitive salary Paid time off Medical, dental, and vision insurance Life insurance and disability benefits Fully stocked kitchen Happy hours & offsites A voice We can promise you that the opportunities and technical challenges at Tapingo are unique – from our consumer facing apps used by students to buy their daily coffee and meals, the courier app used by our delivery teams, to the business facing in-store iPad apps and web dashboards. Apply for this job Tapingo Home Page Jobs powered by            View All Jobs       DevOps Engineer   InfoStaff - San Francisco, CA     **This is a Full Time position (not a contract). Must be authorized to work in the U.S. without sponsorship. Must be a US citizen or a green card holder. F1 OPT and Corp to corp candidates will not be considered.** The DevOps Engineer is responsible for the deployment and network operations and must have a passion for scripting and coding. A good DevOps engineer will know how to build systems and understand the underlying infrastructure. Writing a good job description for DevOps engineer will require you to understand the skills and responsibilities needed for the specific project and ongoing work. Job Description/ Why We’re Hiring: We’re looking for a DevOps Engineer who will take a key role on our team. Our DevOps engineer will work collaboratively with our software engineers to deploy and operate systems, help automate and streamline operations and processes, and troubleshoot issues within multiple environments. DevOps Engineer Skills and Expertise: Experience using a variety of open source technologies and tools {AWS, or other similar services}. Significant coding and scripting experience. Incremental code testing and deployment in multiple environments. Experience with automation/configuration management using {Puppet, Chef, or other similar tools}. History of collaboration with IT operations, multiple business functions, and other departments. Background in Linux/Unix Administration. Experience and working understanding of multiple coding and scripting languages including {PHP, Python, Perl, Ruby}   Posted On: Monday, September 4, 2017  Compensation: $90,000 - $125,000             Apply to this job                          Email      Phone           or      Submitting             Powered by Crelate     Autodesk Menu Job Search My Jobs Go to the main content section. | My Account Options | Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobs Search | Jobs Matching My Profile | My Applications | My Job Cart | My Saved Searches | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page      Description       Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile    FOLLOW AUTODESK Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Glassdoor All Social Media | Worldwide sites PRODUCTS Free product trials 3D CAD software 3D printing Civil engineering Construction Drafting Manufacturing Sketching & painting Student downloads Find by industry SUPPORT & LEARNING Product support Installation, registration & licensing Classes on demand Events Updates & service packs System requirements Help forums BUY Autodesk store Find a reseller Subscriber benefits Support Offerings AUTODESK Autodesk is a leader in 3D design, engineering and entertainment software. About us Careers Contact us Investor relations Trust center Newsroom Suppliers Privacy/Cookies (Updated) | Legal Notices & Trademarks | Report Noncompliance | Site map | © 2016 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved FOLLOW AUTODESK Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Glassdoor Tous les médias sociaux | Sites internationaux PRODUITS Essais de produits gratuits Logiciel de CAO 3D impression en 3D Génie civil Construction Rédaction Fabrication Croquis & peinture Téléchargements d'étudiants Recherche par industrie SOUTIEN & APPRENTISSAGE Support produit Installation, enregistrement & licences Cours à la demande Événements Mises à jour & Service packs Configuration requise Forums d'aide ACHETER Autodesk boutique Trouver un revendeur Avantages de l'abonné Offres de soutien AUTODESK Autodesk est un chef de file dans la conception 3D, l'ingénierie et le logiciel de divertissement. À propos de nous Carrières Contactez nous Relations avec les investisseurs Centre de confiance Rédaction Fournisseurs Confidentialité / Cookies (Actualisé) | Mentions légales & Marques de commerce | Rapport Non-conformité | Plan du site | © 2017 Autodesk Inc. Tous les droits sont réservés                Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            DevOps Engineer    Mainz Brady Group ,   Oakland, CA               Posted 3 days ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: devops,puppet,ci/cd,unix/linux,vmware    Oakland, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                Mainz Brady Group                                       Mainz Brady Group                              devops, puppet, ci/cd, unix/linux, vmware, git, jenkins, wso2, open stack, cloud,          Contract W2, 12 months            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Our client in San Francisco has immediate need for Senior DevOps Engineer. This is a 12 month contract (w2 only) opportunity in Oakland, CA. STRONG experience with Puppet is a MUST. You should know Linux / Unix inside and out. Should have extensive experience with VMware, open stack, cloud technologies. You must have experience with deployment to the cloud and working in large VM environments. Experience with Jenkins and GIT are required. DevOps Responsibilities: Design, write and deliver software to improve the availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency of services. Solve problems relating to the systems and build automation to prevent problem recurrence; with the goal of automating response to all non-exceptional service conditions. Engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis and system tuning. Troubleshoot and mitigate the thorniest problems in our most mission-critical systems. Advise the team during postmortems on effectively avoiding repeated incidents Required Qualifications 7+ years of application development and implementation experience Experience with CI/CD Strong Puppet experience is a MUST! Experience working with Unix/Linux systems from kernel to shell and beyond, with experience working with system libraries, file systems, and client-server protocols Extensive experience using VMware Experience using GIT and Jenkins Experience with WS02 Networking: experience with network theory e.g. TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, etc., MAC addresses, IP packets, DNS, OSI layers, and load balancing. ***This is a w2 contract position. No 3rd Party candidates please.***       Apply Now   Save this job         Company Information  At Mainz Brady Group, we recognize that our greatest strength is the people we provide…you! We will work with you to help you manage your career, now and in the future, and it all starts with our partnership.              Dice Id : 10114266    Position Id : 13294ek                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       DevOps Engineer  Mainz Brady Group | Oakland, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        DevOps Engineer  Mainz Brady Group | Oakland, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of DevOps Engineer with Mainz Brady Group through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         DevOps Engineer  Mainz Brady Group         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                 Apply Now  Lead Backend Engineer  at Mango Health  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    At Mango Health, our mission is to inspire anyone with a chronic condition to rethink how they manage their health each day. We do this by using our expertise in game design and mobile software development and by partnering with leading clinical organizations to trigger earlier, more effective patient interventions.  We understand that less is more and that well-written code is just about always worth the investment. We believe that we can be more effective by working in teams, collaborating on design, reviewing each other's code, and constantly pushing each other to get better and to improve our technology. We are also motivated by the difference we can make in the world, helping people lead healthier, happier lives. If these ideas ring true for you, we’d love to talk!  Responsibilities   Build and own APIs to support new features on iOS and Android  Develop new architectural components as needed to support new data-driven, social, and health industry integrated product capabilities  Work on cloud architecture (AWS)  Perform operational tasks to support development, testing, and production systems   Our stack: Python, Django, Celery, RabbitMQ, MySQL, Redis, Ubuntu, Chef   Implement and own new transformations for inbound, internal, and outbound data pipelines  Fix bugs, perform other maintenance activities, and take ownership over other backend engineering projects as they arise  Develop frameworks for and provide mentorship to other engineers on the team to drive overall team success   Qualifications   7+ years of professional software development experience  2+ years of devops/system administration experience  Track record of building clean, maintainable, and scalable systems  Understanding of systems and how data flows between them  Strong data skills with SQL and/or No-SQL data stores  Ability to communicate clearly with others, both verbally and in writing  Naturally self-motivated with the ability to work independently   Qualities We’re Looking For   You prefer working with small teams of top-notch engineers.  You love to ship software frequently.  You maintain a high standard for clean, readable, modular code.  You insist on testing your code.  You always think about the code you write in the context of how it improves the end-user experience.  You have a strong sense of ownership (e.g. you see projects through to completion and stand behind the code you write).  You handle ambiguity well. Our customers can't always describe what they want.   Note : Mango Health is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity. We welcome all applicants regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                             Products     Mobile Endpoint Security    Personal    Threat Intelligence    See All Products arrow_forward      Services     Lookout App Security Assessment    Lookout Threat Advisory    See Lookout Services arrow_forward      Why Lookout?    Insights     Blogs    Customers    Events    See All Resources arrow_forward      About     Life at Lookout    Careers    Executive Leadership    Government Solutions    Partners    Privacy & Security    Foundation    Contact Us    About Us arrow_forward          Log In     Personal    Enterprise    Partners         Log In                Jobs    Overview    Jobs             How will you make the world more secure?          Find a role that helps shape the mobile security industry                       Request a Demo        Support     Enterprise Support Programs    Personal Support & FAQs       Partners     Become a Partner    Partner Login       News     Press Releases                                          United States (English) keyboard_arrow_down     United States (English)    United Kingdom (English)    España (Español)    Deutschland (Deutsch)    France (Français)    日本 (日本語)    Polska (Polski)    Brasil (Português)    Россия (Русский)    中国 (中文)    中國 (漢語)    한국 (한국어)        Legal  |  Privacy Policy  |  Cookie Policy  |  Transparency Report   © 2017 Lookout, Inc. Lookout, the Shield Logo, and Everything is OK are registered trademarks of Lookout, Inc.  Android is a trademark of Google Inc.  Apple, the Apple logo, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.                       Suggestions                         Suggestions          Products    Mobile Endpoint Security    Personal    Threat Intelligence    See All Products      Services    Lookout App Security Assessment    Lookout Threat Advisory    See Lookout Services      Why Lookout?    Insights    Blogs    Customers    Events    See All Resources      About    Life at Lookout    Careers    Executive Leadership    Government Solutions    Partners    Privacy & Security    Foundation    Contact Us    About Us          Log In     Personal    Enterprise    Partners                       clear             Apply Now  Principal Software Engineer - Intelligent Routing API  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA or Mountain View, CA    TaskRouter is at the heart of Twilio’s biggest and most complex customer deployments. This year it is Twilio’s fastest growing product, growing at least 1000%. From major enterprises like ING to multi-billion dollar software companies like Zillow, TaskRouter powers the core logic of their entire customer experience.  We're looking for a strong Technical Lead to join our team and help us rapidly scale the system to the next level while maintaining a highly available mission-critical service.  About the job:  This is a key Technical Lead within the team. You will be the key person responsible for evolving and rapidly scaling existing services with points of presence globally and will be concerned with availability, throughput, and latency. In addition, you will also be responsible for leading the creation of new services that would provide powerful additional capabilities to developers on top of existing API’s and will require experience working with distributed SQL, NoSQL databases and caches.  Responsibilities:   Join a small, high-impact, multi-talented engineering team in San Francisco, CA or Mountain View .  Own, operate, and maintain your team’s services in a distributed production environment. Employ Agile methodologies to continuously deliver value to customers.  Tackle some of the most challenging problems you can face developing highly available services in a distributed cloud environment that needs to scale.  Write high quality, maintainable code with extensive test coverage. You live and breathe load testing, and optimizing for performance.  Collaborate with product management to define, architect, and build new customer-facing features.  Excel as an engineer and be a productive member of the team where leadership is a behavioral trait, not a title.  Lead architecture, design and code reviews as well as mentoring junior engineers.   Requirements:  The TaskRouter team believes in versatility and complementing proficiencies being key to forming the best team. We are looking for senior-level talent with a variety of skills and specializations. You should have at least 3 to 4 of the proficiencies below to be considered for the role:   Java. You are a rock-solid backend Java developer and use it regularly. You know and apply OO and best practices in Java and know how to build scalable REST services. This is a key language to the team.  Internet-scale services. You understand scalability challenges and performance of server-side code in an environment where load sometimes more than doubles month over month. You can design and develop horizontally scalable, resilient and high-performance REST services. You’re familiar with distributed datagrids like Hazelcast.  Databases. You’re comfortable with SQL databases and replication schemes to enable high availability with failover. You have expert level experience with traditional RDBMS databases.  Cloud. You are proficient in cloud technologies and are hands-on in at least one cloud platform: AWS, Azure or GCC. You are able to both design and develop cloud-based systems and operate them in an automated fashion.  Testing . You are passionate about quality and can engineer it at all stages of software development. You are able to design and develop a quality pipeline requiring as little human intervention as possible.  Security . You are able to design secure distributed systems and assure operational processes around security. You understand fitness for purpose of security techniques.  Agile . You are an expert in practical aspects of running Scrum (or other agile methodologies) within a team and in a distributed cross-team environment. You know how to ship rapidly and frequently.   Bonus points:   Experience with data pipelines, especially with Kafka  Proficiency with ElasticSearch / Kibana.  Experience working with Node/React framework.  Experience working with Dropwizard.  Experience with NoSQL databases.  Experience working in a DevOps environment.  Sound understanding of CI/CD build and deployment toolchains.   About us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 650 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. #LI-POST         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               We Are A team of software engineers and finance geeks making unbiased financial advice available to people like you and me. That's a big change for Wall Street, which has excluded small investors from smart portfolio management...until now. We help our customers cut their fees, avoid excessive risks and save on taxes, which means that they and their families will face better choices down the road. You Are Convinced that our mission is worth a few precious years of your life. We think it is. You love working on challenging problems and building smooth, intuitive user experiences. You want to bring the crucial tools of financial planning to the people who need them most: working and middle-class families. We're a good place to do good. Go to the main content section. | My Account Options Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Basic Search | My Submissions | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page      Primary Location  :  Job Posting  :  Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile   We Are A team of software engineers and finance geeks making unbiased financial advice available to people like you and me. That's a big change for Wall Street, which has excluded small investors from smart portfolio management...until now. We help our customers cut their fees, avoid excessive risks and save on taxes, which means that they and their families will face better choices down the road. You Are Convinced that our mission is worth a few precious years of your life. We think it is. You love working on challenging problems and building smooth, intuitive user experiences. You want to bring the crucial tools of financial planning to the people who need them most: working and middle-class families. We're a good place to do good. Go to the main content section. | My Account Options Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Basic Search | My Submissions | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page      Primary Location  :  Job Posting  :  Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile   Job Basket Accessibility Home Jobs Job: IRC48935 Add To Basket Refer Apply Now JavaScript enabled browser required. Description Job Title Software Engineer, Senior Location San Francisco, CA, US Organization Name Information Technology Department Description About The Team  We (Customer Experience group) are responsible for making Delta Dental of California’s new Shopping, Buying, Self Service and Provider Directory search experience amazing. Brief Description About The Role  We are looking for a self-starter Senior Software Engineer with excellent technical expertise to help us build our Next Gen Consumer Application Suite.  Detailed Description Design, develop and maintain highly scalable & responsive consumer applications supporting high traffic volumes. Be part of an engineering team that builds and supports amazing customer-facing products that will drive the next generation of Delta Dental Digital Experience. Your primary focus will be the development of all server-side logic, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. You will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by UI Developers into the application. Therefore, a basic understanding of front-end technologies is necessary as well. You will communicate with customers and deliver high performing, resilient and intuitive suite of applications that create awesome customer experiences. You will work and collaborate with cross-functional team of product managers, UX designers, architects, developers and automation engineers on our agile team. Continuous learning to stay current with the changing JavaScript ecosystem landscape .   Job Requirements BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 5+ years of experience designing and developing secure consumer-facing web applications. Advanced level knowledge of JavaScript and Functional Programming. 2+ years of extensive experience building production application with Node.js 2+ years of Full Stack Front-End experience. Proficient in building and consuming of Restful Web service, JSON based request response. 2+ years of experience working with popular JavaScript tools and Frameworks (like Gulp/npm, ejs/handlebar, Angular.js, or React or Ember). Experience building responsive Single Page Web Applications. Good understanding of design principles to build a scalable application. Strong experience with the design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability and performant applications. Proficient with writing unit test case using any of the testing framework like Mocha, Chai, Jasmine etc. Proficiency with Chrome and/or other browser Developer Tools. Proficiency with Git/Github or other distributed version control systems. Understanding of user-centered design, progressive enhancement and graceful degradation, accessibility, SEO, responsive design, and website performance. Experience with Scrum, Agile Process  Nice to have Contributions to open source projects. Understanding of Relational, No SQL databases. Experience with Test Driven Development, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery. Experience with Linux environment & container technology such as docker. Experience with logging tools like Splunk or ELK. Experience with distributed cache like Redis.  Additional Details Pursuant to the San Francisco Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. How To Apply Click “Apply Now” Minimum Salary Currency Amount of Travel Work At Home Documents Title Type Description Category Last Updated By Last Updated Usage Update Delete No results found. Add To Basket Refer Apply Now Home Jobs Job Basket Accessibility Privacy Statement Copyright (c) 2006, Oracle. All rights reserved.   Job Basket Accessibility Home Jobs Job: IRC48935 Add To Basket Refer Apply Now JavaScript enabled browser required. Description Job Title Software Engineer, Senior Location San Francisco, CA, US Organization Name Information Technology Department Description About The Team  We (Customer Experience group) are responsible for making Delta Dental of California’s new Shopping, Buying, Self Service and Provider Directory search experience amazing. Brief Description About The Role  We are looking for a self-starter Senior Software Engineer with excellent technical expertise to help us build our Next Gen Consumer Application Suite.  Detailed Description Design, develop and maintain highly scalable & responsive consumer applications supporting high traffic volumes. Be part of an engineering team that builds and supports amazing customer-facing products that will drive the next generation of Delta Dental Digital Experience. Your primary focus will be the development of all server-side logic, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. You will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by UI Developers into the application. Therefore, a basic understanding of front-end technologies is necessary as well. You will communicate with customers and deliver high performing, resilient and intuitive suite of applications that create awesome customer experiences. You will work and collaborate with cross-functional team of product managers, UX designers, architects, developers and automation engineers on our agile team. Continuous learning to stay current with the changing JavaScript ecosystem landscape .   Job Requirements BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 5+ years of experience designing and developing secure consumer-facing web applications. Advanced level knowledge of JavaScript and Functional Programming. 2+ years of extensive experience building production application with Node.js 2+ years of Full Stack Front-End experience. Proficient in building and consuming of Restful Web service, JSON based request response. 2+ years of experience working with popular JavaScript tools and Frameworks (like Gulp/npm, ejs/handlebar, Angular.js, or React or Ember). Experience building responsive Single Page Web Applications. Good understanding of design principles to build a scalable application. Strong experience with the design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability and performant applications. Proficient with writing unit test case using any of the testing framework like Mocha, Chai, Jasmine etc. Proficiency with Chrome and/or other browser Developer Tools. Proficiency with Git/Github or other distributed version control systems. Understanding of user-centered design, progressive enhancement and graceful degradation, accessibility, SEO, responsive design, and website performance. Experience with Scrum, Agile Process  Nice to have Contributions to open source projects. Understanding of Relational, No SQL databases. Experience with Test Driven Development, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery. Experience with Linux environment & container technology such as docker. Experience with logging tools like Splunk or ELK. Experience with distributed cache like Redis.  Additional Details Pursuant to the San Francisco Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. How To Apply Click “Apply Now” Minimum Salary Currency Amount of Travel Work At Home Documents Title Type Description Category Last Updated By Last Updated Usage Update Delete No results found. Add To Basket Refer Apply Now Home Jobs Job Basket Accessibility Privacy Statement Copyright (c) 2006, Oracle. All rights reserved.           BLOG  COMMUNITY  LOGIN       Solutions  Customers  Platform  Apps  Resources  About  Get demo         Test Engineer, Security  Development San Francisco,
                            United States    Apply now      Description   Originally founded in York, UK and now headquartered in San Francisco, Anaplan has offices all over the world. In fact, we may be the most successful company you’ve never heard of. We are on a mission to revolutionize how companies analyze and plan their businesses. And it’s working - we are already trusted by hundreds of Fortune 2000 companies and we’ve only just begun. We strive for cross-team collaboration, innovation, and the occasional karaoke night. We want experienced test engineers to be part of our rapidly expanding global engineering effort - while Java is our core language, we are also keen to hear from experienced Engineers in other languages (C++, C#, Python etc.). You will be part of a team responsible for building the next-generation security platform for Anaplan and its customers. YOU HAVE: · A passion for engineering and quality, a “test to break” attitude and great attention to detail. · Work in a rapid pace environment with ability to juggle multiple projects · BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience · 3+ years experience with web application testing · 2+ years of API testing and good coding experience in any of the languages (Java, C++, C#, Python) · Experience with DevOps / infrastructure setup is preferred · Knowledge of the SDLC including designing test cases to break the code and follow a meticulous methodology that includes both white box and black test, with emphasis on white box testing. · Excellent knowledge of Agile - ideally having worked very closely with Developers, constantly driving testing within the team. · The ability to coach and collaborate inside and outside the team - you enjoy working closely with others, teaching, and learning and are comfortable showing off your work. · Positive energy and enthusiasm - cultural fit is a big deal for us: we're looking for smart people who are excited about solving big problems and self-motivated to get things done. · A highly organized and professional attitude to work - you're an exceptional communicator, you are pragmatic, and you know how to build trust. WE OFFER: · Huge technical problems to solve - You'll have the chance to push boundaries and learn from an excellent team. · The opportunity to work for one of the coolest hyper-growth companies in technology. · Be part of our award-winning working Software Development environments in York, London and San Francisco. · A long list of incredible benefits worthy of a leading Silicon Valley tech firm. We offer highly competitive packages - we’re serious about attracting the best technologists in the industry.       Apply now  Apply Later   < view all job openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email         Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}          Powered by Jobvite      Platform   Overview  Build Apps  Features    Solutions   Finance  Sales  Supply Chain  Workforce  Marketing  IT    Apps   Overview  Finance  Sales  Marketing  Supply Chain  HR  IT    Resources   Blog  Finance  IT  Marketing  Platform  Sales  Supply Chain  Workforce    About   People  Recognition  Careers  News  Customers  Partners  Locations  Contact    Social   LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  Google+   Get demo                                            1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Big Data Operations Engineer     Job Category:   Technology - Infrastructure Engineering     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ)     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        Senior/Lead Systems Engineer - Big Data Services  Are you a systems engineer with the passion to build reliable, scalable infrastructure in datacenters across the globe? Do you love devops and want to work on automation? We are looking for you! Role: At Salesforce we are scaling big data infrastructure, which stores petabytes of data and processes millions of requests across clusters ranging thousands of nodes. Our big data infrastructure powers the storage and analytical needs of various customer-facing and internal use cases in Salesforce. In this role,  You will use your systems engineering skills to develop, optimize and operate the tools and processes that power the bigdata infrastructure. You are the Service Owner operating Bigdata-as-a-service for all of Salesforce consisting of open-source technologies including Hadoop, HBase, Spark, Yarn, Hive and Zookeeper. You will get a chance to understand how things work with a large-scale production infrastructure with tons of servers across numerous datacenters. You will drive the automation efforts in Shell/Python/Ruby/Java to eliminate manual work involved in building clusters, performing releases and other operational work. You will develop plugins to monitor applications and implement self-healing mechanisms to auto-recover from outages. You will write Puppet Manifests and Jenkins jobs to build, configure and tune systems for performance. Perform various bigdata administration activities like running jobs and migrating data. You will get a chance to improve your communication and collaboration skills working with various other Infrastructure teams across Salesforce. You will be interacting with a highly innovative and creative team of developers, open-source committers and architects. You will evaluate new technologies to solve problems as needed, and also play a significant role in the architectural direction.  Requirements: Following qualities will make you successful at this role,  Strong working experience with Linux Systems Administration and Troubleshooting. Good knowledge of linux internals. Good experience in any of the scripting/programming languages: Shell, Perl, Python, GoLang, Java etc ., Basic knowledge of Networking protocols and components: TCP/IP Stack, Switches, Routers, Load Balancers. Experience or solid interest in maintaining a highly available service on production scale. Experience in any of Puppet, Chef, Ansible or other devops tools. Experience in any of the monitoring tools like Nagios, Graphite, Zabbix etc., Experience working with any of: Java Applications (JVM), Apache, Mysql, PostgreSql, Kerberos, LDAP, Tomcat, Jetty, MongoDB etc., A continuous learner and a critical thinker A team player with great communication skills  Nice to Haves:  Experience in managing large scale web applications in production Experience in working with any of the build tools like Jenkins, ant, maven, git etc., Experience with Docker, Splunk, AWS Knowledge of big data technologies is considered a plus (not mandatory)  Culture: You’ll be joining one of the best companies to work for! We take pride in our Ohana Culture at Salesforce.  We strive to make the world a better place We build delightful products that makes our customers happy We empower people to bring the best out of them. We believe in trust, customer success, innovation, giving back, equality for all, wellness, transparency and fun  Company Overview Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” five years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y       Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Big Data Operations Engineer position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today        All jobs → Senior Software Development Engineer in Test   Senior Software Development Engineer in Test  San Francisco, California, United States   Description Tigera is looking for a passionate and skilled senior software tester to join us in our mission to secure the next generation of cloud native applications. At the heart of our strategy is a set of open source networking and security projects (currently Calico, Canal and flannel) that define the new gold standard for application connectivity within large scale cloud environments (such as Kubernetes, Tectonic, Apache Mesos, DC/OS, Docker Swarm, Apache Brooklyn, and OpenStack). Building upon this open source foundation, we are working on complementary commercial offerings to help enterprises build and operate cloud native applications and infrastructures, securely and at scale. You will be joining SDET in the San Francisco office.  You will work closely with the other software developers to deliver products on time, to quality while managing and communicating risks.  To do this, you will design and implement new automated test frameworks (system level testing rather than unit level test), manage projects, write test tools and have a passion for finding bugs and spotting the edge cases the developers have missed! Requirements 5+ years of industry experience in software development, test and/or DevOps. Experience with a breadth of programming languages and frameworks (Python and Golang experience highly desirable). Experience defining and implementing end-to-end CI pipelines, automated test frameworks, and automated tests. Experience of project management and team leadership. A drive to get things done in a highly collaborative, agile development environment.DevOps and knowledge of L2 and L3 networking are desirable. Linux sysadmin skills. Experience with as many as possible of: Semaphore, Circle CI, Jenkins, Python Nose, Chef, Puppet, Ansible, gnu make, Foreman, Openstack, GCE, AWS, familiarity with container technologies (Docker, Rkt, Kubernetes, Mesos, etc). Ability to travel occasionally to attend conferences and to work with partners, customers and colleagues in other offices within the US and internationally.   If the candidate is passionate and enthusiastic, this is a position that can offer the opportunity to spend a portion of their time on external evangelism. BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar field. Benefits Tigera is an early-stage startup, well funded by top-tier VCs.  We offer a competitive compensation package including share scheme and unlimited vacation. We believe in a collaborative, flexible work environment based on respect for, and commitment from, every employee. We are fortunate to have an amazing team of individuals who believe in our mission and value openness, collaboration and teamwork, making Tigera an awesome place to work.   Apply for this job             Tigera, Inc
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.  Tigera, Inc website  Powered by Workable                          Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Linux Admin with AWS and DevOps    Encore Software Services ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 12 hours ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Linux Admin with AWS and DevOps    Edit     Skill: Linux Admin,AWS and DevOps    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               Linux Admin , AWS and DevOps          Full Time, Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract W2            Market            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Hi All, Hope all are doing good. We are immediately looking for Linux Admin with AWS and DevOps  in Bay Area , CA with one of our major direct client. So kindly respond back with your updated resume based on the below job description Job Title : Linux Admin with AWS and DevOps Location :  Bay Area , CA Duration :  Contract / Full time Job Description Required :  Linux Admin, AWS and DevOps Secondary Skills  : Salt / Ansible. Experience with deploying cloud configuration Experience in deploying exchange in on premise environment Understanding of Scripting Experience in power shell Online SharePoint deployment and configuration experience Understanding of virtualization, SDK knowledge of Azure Thanks & Regards, Gobinath K Senior Global Talent Acquisition Desk : 408 - 597- 4353 Email: gkrishnamoorthy@encoress.com Encore Software Services l www.encoress.com       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Gopinath Krishnamoorthy    Contact               Encore Software Services,     Dice Id : 10115152    Position Id : 003401      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Linux Admin with AWS and DevOps  Encore Software Services | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Linux Admin with AWS and DevOps  Encore Software Services | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Linux Admin with AWS and DevOps with Encore Software Services through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Linux Admin with AWS and DevOps  Encore Software Services         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                                              1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Sr. Platform Engineer     Job Category:   Technology - Infrastructure Engineering     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ) US - Illinois - Chicago US - Massachusetts - Boston US - New York - New York US - Utah - Salt Lake City US - Washington - Bellevue     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        Sr. Platform Engineer Salesforce is looking to hire a Sr. Member for the platform engineering team for the DMP product. So, you're well versed in infrastructure and operations, but figured out that there is code that can run it for you. You hate waking up at 2am to production failures and that's why you have monitors for everything, and enough failover or self-healing setup so you can deal with it in the morning. You're fine with rolling out code all the time because if anything unexpected happens, you have it covered. You did this already. Twice. So you automated it. And when the caching system had a problem, you found the bug, fixed it and sent them a patch. Great, we're dying to talk to you! Salesforce might be just the place for you; we're looking for people who can build and operate big data infrastructures, fast changing webapps, real time APIs and a lot of traffic. People who are technical experts and get things done by using their smarts and whatever tools make sense to get the job done. People who love to solve new problems and thrive in a rapidly innovating space.  Your day to day:  Provide expertise in the design, implementation, and operation of scalable distributed systems to assist development teams in making the right decisions early Develop new methods and tools to automate and self-heal production environments Apply software development workflows to operational environments Test and tune newly developed systems to prepare them for production deployment and ensure maximum performance at minimum cost Automate packaging, deployment, and configuration of internally developed applications Measure everything, providing critical operational insight into our applications Become and stay an expert in our internal applications, from the high-level architecture down to the code Implement new application features, especially features supporting operational excellence: stability, scalability, redundancy, etc. Build tools that make your colleagues more effective Lead, coach and grow our DevOps practice by bridging development, Ops and QA Become and stay an expert in current and emerging technologies and tools Contribute to Open Source solutions and communities we use wherever you can  Your tech friends would say you:  really know about scalable infrastructure ran production services in the cloud (AWS) and know where it's awesome and where it hurts are a great communicator make things work and get things done love to leave things better than how you found them really grok your CI (jenkins, etc), config management (puppet) and VCS tools (git) love to automate anything you've done more than twice can write a one-liner for anything, but know when not to are fluent in at least one programming language (preferably python, Scala, and/or Java, but any language will do) can't go to sleep knowing your tests or monitors are failing love to learn new things and can do so quickly you don't just use the code, you contribute  Your tech friends might even say you:  love agile/lean development and delivering code know the pros and cons of all the technology trends in your field make excellent informed decisions and know when to ask for advice know your way around the entire stack have a great sense of humor *LI - Y      Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Sr. Platform Engineer position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today         Please Enable Cookies to Continue Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.       Returning Candidate?   Log back in!       Senior Systems Engineer     Senior Systems Engineer      Location  US-CA-San Francisco     Job ID  33796        More information about this job  Summary     The Enterprise Applications team is responsible for the standardization and management of the desktop & server environment for various operating systems. These responsibilities include maintaining consistent and well documented desktop/server images, engineering solutions for the Site Support team, and leveraging technology to efficiently deploy new products and upgrades. As a member of the Enterprise Applications team, you will support various environments such as virtual machines, device encryption, and mobile management servers. The Enterprise Applications team is also responsible for compliance of security updates and vulnerability management across a variety of devices.      Responsibilities     Identifies specific areas for improvement through data gathering and analytical review of data. Defines and acquires applicable tools for automating support of the desktop environment, across numerous areas such as Windows, Mac, Linux, etc. Identifies specific problems, determines product requirements, and builds solutions to make needed improvements. Assists with rolling-out approved solutions that will allow end users to work more effectively and efficiently. Provides support for projects and operational incident management. Coordinates efforts with IT Site Support and assists in UX testing to ensure regression and UAT is completed prior to a company roll-out. Creates, tests and develops workstation images. Tests and evaluates package software and applications for workstation distribution. Automates software application deployments. Deploys successfully security patches, client software updates, software upgrades, and new software rollouts. Coordinates remediation with local IT Site Support as needed. Serves as an escalation point for the IT Service Desk and IT Site Support teams. Provides additional coverage as needed to ensure support teams are meeting metrics. Researches and supports enterprise desktop solutions using industry standard tools such as Microsoft SCCM, Casper, Mobile Device Management and other applicable products. Coordinates efforts with other IT teams, including DevOps, IT Service Desk and Network Infrastructure to ensure we have a consistent approach and plan for support across the organization. Experience in developing design requirements for an expansive mobile device management (MDM) system, including mobile configuration management, remote device control, auditing, critical file backup, wiping, data synchronization, firmware updates, diagnostics, security, network usage, mobile asset tracking and management, device provisioning, software installation, policy application, logging, and reporting, GPS tracking and breadcrumb mapping, and geofencing. Configures and manages enterprise desktop solutions including Microsoft SCCM, App-V, SCEP, BitLocker, SCOM, SSO, Citrix, Capser, and Enterprise Vault. Establish and maintain environment configuration specification, manage upgrade process, deployment history, and communication to all stakeholders Service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis and system tuning Mentoring engineers across the organization on technology best practices in a wide array of technologies from monitoring to troubleshooting complex code issues        Qualifications     Thorough understanding of Active Directory; including Group Policy Objects, Sites and Trusts Competent understanding of TCP/IP networking for LAN and WAN. Expert programming knowledge in one or more of the following languages; PowerShell and Application Programing Interface (API) Understanding of Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Systems Design. Ability to work effectively within these models to achieve comprehensive and productive results. Expert in three or more tools such as SCCM, OSD/Imaging, SCOM, Active Directory, O365, Windows 10, SharePoint, Citrix XenApp, Citrix XenDesktop, Single Sign-On, Two Factor Authentication, System Center Orchestrator, Symantec anti-virus, VMWare, AirWatch, Enterprise Mobility Suite, Windows InTune, App-V. Expert in coding with a deep understanding of QA process; UX testing, implementation, etc Proficient knowledge of registry and AD permission delegation. Expert knowledge of scripting with SQL and Schema experience. Able to work effectively under deadlines in a fast-paced, changing environment. Exceptional organizational skills and attention to details. Strong analytical, trouble-shooting and problem solving skills.  Experience / Education: 7- 10 years of experience working directly in desktop engineering, with scripting and automation using industry standard tools. 7- 10 years hands-on experience on Microsoft, Linux Server system administration skills, server build and server troubleshooting in collocation environments Bachelor’s degree in Computer Systems, or equivalent experience 5-7 years of experience working with multiple operating systems; Windows desktop and server, Mac, Linux, etc The following experience/certifications are not required, but are a plus: MCSE, SDLC, VMWare AirWatch Enterprise Mobility Professional, CCNA, CCNE, Casper Technician (CCT), Linux, SQL.         Options   Apply for this job online Apply Share Refer this job to a friend Refer     Share on your newsfeed     Connect With Us!    Not ready to apply quite yet? Connect with us to get job updates based on your interests.      Your application choices are:                  Go back to the welcome page   Application FAQs Software Powered by iCIMS www.icims.com             CLOSE    Skip to content  Home  About   About Us  Our Story  Culture  Testimonials  Community Outreach  Awards & Recognition  Internal Opportunities  TekPartners Incentive Program    Leadership Team   Executive Leadership  Corporate Leadership  Field Leadership    Services   Professional Staffing  Managed Services  IT Project Solutions    Search Jobs  Newsroom   The Techie Times Archive    Locations  Contact Us   Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Menu                 Job Detail      Search Jobs DevOps System Engineer Profession: Information Technology Specialty: Systems Engineer City: San Francisco State: CA Status: Open Term: Direct Hire Job Id: 55706 Description Title: DevOps System Engineer  Location: San Francisco, CA  Direct Hire/FTE   Essential Duties and Responsibilities:   Perform root cause analysis on critical incidents and events with servers and networks and provide technical support (for virtual and non-virtual environments).  Analyze data including various logs, traffic trace, and complex configuration data.  Provide support and escalation for Level 1 NOC technicians in resolving critical customer-impacting issues.  Monitor cloud environments by setting up alerts, reviewing error logs and analyzing user traffic patterns.  Perform in-depth trend analysis of system and application events.  Provide support and escalation for our client base.  Troubleshoot application and infrastructure related incidents.  Regularly interface with peer teams on support and implementation initiatives.  Execute planned changes.  Provide capacity analysis and participate in performance testing.  Execute automated tasks via scripting; including remediation and testing.  Problem analysis and remediation in a fast paced, customer-centric environment.  Position requires after hours work (flexible schedule).  Works under minimal supervision.   Required Qualifications/Skills:   7-10 years' experience in hands-on support of Windows Server operating systems (2003, 2008, 2012) and Active Directory Services.  5+ years' experience working with Linux operating systems; e.g., Ubuntu, etc.  5+ years' experience working with virtualization: performance tuning, capacity management, design, administration, and configuration, preferably with VMWare, Openstack, or other industry-standard virtualization platforms.  3+ years' hands-on experience with various storage platforms; e.g., EMC, Netapp, Left Hand, Solid Fire.  5+ years' experience managing and supporting high availability systems.  Functional understanding of the DEVOps model.  Experience with configuration management tools like Microsoft System Center.  Experience with coding and scripting languages like PowerShell, PowerCLI, Java, Python.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Passionate about learning new technologies and platforms.   Preferred Qualifications/Skills:   Working knowledge of MS SQL, MySQL, etc.  Experience with configuration management tools such as Chef, Salt, or Ansible a plus.  Exposure to and high comfort level in working with Linux operating systems.  Familiarity with container technologies (e.g. Docker).  Experience with open source technologies and concepts.  Experience with Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) applications (Open Stack, vSphere, Amazon Web Services, etc.) a plus.   Interpersonal Skills:   Ability to multitask and adapt quickly to emerging technologies.  Process and procedure driven.  Has solid, analytical thought process in response to challenges or problems.  Ability to prioritize multiple tasks effectively and able to operate in a fast-paced, intensely deadline-oriented work environment.  Commitment to quality and attention to detail.  Ability to work in a team environment and partner effectively with others.  Ability to communicate effectively (listening, presenting, and questioning).  Ability to be flexible in a negotiating environment.  Excellent customer service skills.  Strong organizational skills.   Education/Certification/License:   A.S. /B.S. in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or related field preferred.  Microsoft Certified.  VMware Certified.  Linux Certified.   Travel Requirement: Minimal potential for travel.   3173555 TekPartners Quick Apply    First Name * Last Name * Email *   Phone * City State State Alabama Arizona Alaska Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip Code Resume Tracking ID Pageview ID Visitor ID Job ID Source Name Profession Specialty Title Download Resume              More Info Contact Corporate Headquarters 5810 Coral Ridge Drive Suite 250 Coral Springs, FL 33076 Phone: 954.656.8600 Fax: 954.282.6070  HQ@tekpartners.com Similar Positions Lead Linux Engineeer in Chicago IL Enterprise Infrastructure Project Manager in Miami FL Systems Engineer in Murfreesboro TN Hot Jobs HR/Legal Records Specialist in Boca Raton FL CLOUD AUTOMATION ENGINEER in Detroit MI Juniper Network Engineer w/ F5 in Orlando FL Job Detail Page                 Email  Phone  Location  Social  Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Copyright © 2012 – 2017 TekPartners                                                                                                   © Copyright 1999-2017 Brightidea, Inc. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.     Facebook      Twitter      Instagram      LinkedIn      Google      Vimeo      RSS      ThinkBigger                                       Lead Cloud Infrastructure/DevOps Engineer San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Responsibilities Build and maintain cloud infrastructure Help guide system architecture Design development environment Maintain and improve continuous integration and deployment pipelines Security and HIPAA compliance Manage Postgres, Redis, and Splunk servers Requirements Proficient in at least one programming language Expert in UnixExpert in AWS Can debug problems across the stack Strong architecture and system design skills Strong oral and written communication skills Proficient with relevant configuration management tools like Chef, Puppet, or Ansible Either: Bachelors in CS or related field and 2+ years experience OR 4+ years experience as an infrastructure or devops engineer Bonus HIPAA compliance experience A focus in security You may work on... Tools for auditing and security Tools for request tracing and performance analysis Systems to capture, analyze, and monitor metrics Testing, integration, and deployment pipelines Our mission is to increase access to healthcare. We believe that control over your own healthcare is a human right, and something everyone deserves. We want to challenge the status quo and break down unnecessary barriers. Come join us! This position is full-time and based in San Francisco. Apply for this job Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job The DevOps Engineer is a critical member of the production infrastructure team at Telmate.  The DevOps Engineer works closely with other DevOps Engineers, software developers, and hardware engineers to build new pieces of highly available infrastructure and maintain the existing infrastructure. As a DevOps Engineer at Telmate you will: ●  Build new Highly scalable redundant infrastructure on AWS and physical servers ●  Troubleshoot production issues ●  Create and implement automation tools ●  Develop strategy, processes, and shape our existing infrastructure ●  Work normal business hours  Requirements: ●  4-year degree in relevant field / or equivalent work experience ●  5-20 years of experience in DevOps or Linux Administration ●  Strong understanding of CentOS or Ubuntu ●  AWS command line tools ●  GIT, Jenkins, Chef/Puppet ●  Scripting and some programming skills ●  Network protocols ●  Monitoring solutions ●  Effective communication skills, Documentation ●  Great work ethics and attitude! Telmate is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Candidate will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, ancestry, disability, medical condition or national origin. San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Apply for this job GTL and Telmate Home Page Jobs powered byDevOps Engineer Redwood City, CA; San Francisco, CA; Portland, OR Engineering Full-Time Apply for this job About OpenGov As the leader in the exploding GovTech space, OpenGov is building software to transform the way government works: easy-to-use cloud software for better budgeting, improved reporting and operational intelligence, and comprehensive transparency and open data. OpenGov solutions give governments the right tools and relevant data for more informed decision-making and better outcomes for the public. We're innovating, solving big challenges and having fun while doing it. As a member of OpenGov's #NextGenOpenData engineering team, you'll spend much of your day building out infrastructure to ensure our deployments are fast and reliable and also play a key part in designing and building well-architected and efficient software. In this role you’ll have the opportunity to have a direct hand in taking CKAN - the leading open source open data platform that powers the largest data portals in the world ( data.gov , data.gov.uk , europeandataportal.eu , data.humdata.org , etc.) to the next level! Responsibilities • Help Manage Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure • Help Manage and Design Docker-based Microservices framework • Development of PoC and/or MVP services • Development of IT automation code/documents • Writing and maintaining systems documentation • Contribute towards building a great culture in a small team and company Qualifications • 4+ years of DevOps experience • Fluency with Linux/UNIX/UNIX-like command line (CLI) commands • Solid grasp of IPv4 networking (subnets, routing, VLANs) • Familiarity with AWS/Cloud Native Computing • Familiarity with Docker • Familiarity with IT Automation tools (Chef and/or Ansible preferred) Apply for this job OpenGov Home Page Jobs powered by                      Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Principal Data Science    Source Coders ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 3 days ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Principal Data Science    Edit     Skill: Comptuer Scien,AI,machine leaning    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               Comptuer Scien , AI,machine leaning,          Contract Corp-To-Corp            $200K - $250K            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Principal Data Scientist  - Fintech Security Platform – Series A Start-Up – SF Cit y  Salary: $200,000 - $250,000 + equity Source Coders are proud to be working with one of the most innovative tech teams in the San Francisco Bay Area. Backed by an investment team that consists of founding members of PayPal and Venmo, this company is making headlines for all the right reasons.  We are on the lookout for the top-level Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineers with computer science and software engineering backgrounds.  The current team includes ex Google, Facebook and Square employees, all from top engineering schools such as M.I.T, Stanford and CalTech.   Expectations are that you have experience in the following;  A Computer Science / Software Engineering background from Tier 1 Technology company A Bachelors, Masters or Ph.D from one of the top Engineering schools Strong production experience developing Machine Learning Models Experience with multiple machine learning models (Random Forrest, SciKitLearn or similar) Understanding of PySpark, Numpy or similar  Bonus if you have:  Experience in payments or security Understanding of CI, DevOps in A.I capacity   Principal Data Scientist  - Fintech Security Platform – Series A Start-Up – SF Cit y       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Dee Byars  5315 Colodny Drive, Unit 9
				
				
					
						Agoura Hills, CA, 91301  Contact               Source Coders,     Dice Id : 90973445    Position Id : 10312      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Principal Data Science  Source Coders | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Principal Data Science  Source Coders | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Principal Data Science with Source Coders through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Principal Data Science  Source Coders         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site            Job Summary Responsibilities: 40% Directly collaborating with the DevOps team to create secure continuous integration and continuous delivery Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) practices; Championing the adoption of and adherence to industry best practices for an automated infrastructure hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS) 30% Conducting threat modeling exercises; managing and prioritizing vulnerabilities 30% Innovating new CI/CD security initiatives including, but not limited to, AWS IAM, authentication, and containerization security Tools and Environment: Strong background with DevOps and CI/CD best practices Strong experience utilizing security controls within a highly automated environment Familiarity with virtualized container management (Kubernetes) and infrastructure as code (Terraform) Prior experience with automation software including Ansible, Jenkins and Salt Ability to author scripts (Python, Ruby, or Go) Job Type: Full-time        Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply              Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply      Skip to main content   Formats Formats Overview Photo Books Trade Books Magazines Ebooks Pricing Volume Printing  Create Get Started Creation & Layout Tools Templates Upload PDF Hire an Expert  Sell & Distribute Sell & Distribute Overview Sell through Blurb Amazon Ingram Apple iBooks Store Pre-sell with Kickstarter  Bookstore Staff Picks Best Sellers Just Published All Categories Photo Books Trade Books Magazines Ebooks Pricing Volume Printing Creation & Layout Tools Templates Upload PDF Hire an Expert Sell through Blurb Amazon Ingram Apple iBooks Store Pre-sell with Kickstarter Staff Picks Best Sellers Just Published All Categories Back to job listings Director of Technical Operations and DevOps San Francisco, CA Company Summary: Blurb® is a book-making platform and creative community that enables individuals to create, publish, share and sell high-quality photo books, trade books, and magazines in both print and digital formats. Blurb is accessible to consumers across the globe with free, innovative book creation and layout tools. Founded in 2005, Blurb has over 2 million customers worldwide, resulting in over 4 million unique book titles, with nearly 18 million units shipped to almost 100 countries around the world. We are headquartered in San Francisco. The Team: We’re looking for a Director of Technical Operations and DevOps with excellent experience and skills in managing IT teams, processes, and infrastructure for our physical, cloud, and corporate IT environments. This person will manage TechOps, DevOps, and infrastructure. We have a fairly lean team, with hard working engineers and the director will have an opportunity to work closely with all levels of business and all stakeholders. Essential Functions: Provide technical leadership and direction for an experienced team of individual contributors. Be the point person for contractor, customer, and internal teams. Lead the team in building scalable, highly available development and production environments. Other Job Functions: Help establish procedures and practices Managing IT expenses, purchasing, and budgeting Qualifications: Required: 5+ years of leadership success supervising systems and teams of engineers. Excellent project and people management skills. Solid understanding of network, data, storage, cloud, virtualization, monitoring, security, and physical servers. Preferred: Understanding of front-end web and back-end Java applications. Experience with e-commerce, API services, and publishing. Experience with continuous integration and deployment environments Supervisory Responsibility: Supervising several teams of engineers Work Environment: Blurb is a high-growth company, which means tremendous challenges and opportunities. We are looking for smart people who learn fast, solve problems, and get the job done. Our team is tasked with finding innovative ways to achieve hyper-growth and looking at new verticals and possibly new business models. May be required to work extended hours at times. Benefits: Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance (PPO or HMO options) 401(k) retirement plan Employer-paid life insurance, short-term and long-term disability Flexible Spending Accounts for medical, dependent care, and transportation expenses 10 paid holidays 15 days paid time off per year (with tenure-based increases after two years) An extra day off for your birthday Free lunch on Wednesdays Company sponsored yoga and in-office massages $300 credit a year to create your own books with Blurb How to Apply Please email resume and cover letter to anial@blurb.com  Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Blurb is committed to equal opportunity and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or other applicable legally protected characteristics. The employer will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the American with Disabilities Act of 1990. The job description will be reviewed periodically as duties and responsibilities change with business necessity. Essential and other job functions are subject to modification. Reasonable accommodations may be provided to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.       Job Search  My Profile    Job Search  My Profile            DevOps Database Engineer (SQL)  Ref #7920  Oakland, CA  Job Description  IntraEdge has an immediate need for a Database Engineer in Oakland, CA.  We are looking for someone with 3 - 5 years experience with SQL/mySQL & a mix of Admin/Developer skills.  Job Requirements  MS SQL Server Admin and Developer skills  mySQL Server Admin  and Developer skills  SQL Optimization, backup, disaster recover, stored procedure creation, schema creation.  Reporting creation, maintenance, optimization.  Work with dev team to help create / maintain / optimize Data Access Layer  Any other programming or script languages would be a plus    Apply Options  Apply Now  Member Login    New Candidates  Email This JOb  Return to Results                             Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Principal Data Science    Source Coders ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 3 days ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Principal Data Science    Edit     Skill: Comptuer Scien,AI,machine leaning    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               Comptuer Scien , AI,machine leaning,          Contract Corp-To-Corp            $200K - $250K            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Principal Data Scientist  - Fintech Security Platform – Series A Start-Up – SF Cit y  Salary: $200,000 - $250,000 + equity Source Coders are proud to be working with one of the most innovative tech teams in the San Francisco Bay Area. Backed by an investment team that consists of founding members of PayPal and Venmo, this company is making headlines for all the right reasons.  We are on the lookout for the top-level Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineers with computer science and software engineering backgrounds.  The current team includes ex Google, Facebook and Square employees, all from top engineering schools such as M.I.T, Stanford and CalTech.   Expectations are that you have experience in the following;  A Computer Science / Software Engineering background from Tier 1 Technology company A Bachelors, Masters or Ph.D from one of the top Engineering schools Strong production experience developing Machine Learning Models Experience with multiple machine learning models (Random Forrest, SciKitLearn or similar) Understanding of PySpark, Numpy or similar  Bonus if you have:  Experience in payments or security Understanding of CI, DevOps in A.I capacity   Principal Data Scientist  - Fintech Security Platform – Series A Start-Up – SF Cit y       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Dee Byars  5315 Colodny Drive, Unit 9
				
				
					
						Agoura Hills, CA, 91301  Contact               Source Coders,     Dice Id : 90973445    Position Id : 10312      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Principal Data Science  Source Coders | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Principal Data Science  Source Coders | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Principal Data Science with Source Coders through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Principal Data Science  Source Coders         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                    Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply                      Twitter logo icon   Careers      Arrow down icon       Locations    Teams    Diversity    University             Sign In               Search icon                Work for Twitter                 Software Engineer - Twitter Cloud Infrastructure  San Francisco, CA             From the team who built and deployed Twitter's first-ever compatible datacenter in AWS and GCP, our new mission is to provide the next generation of data analytics and data understanding at Twitter. Using the data from our advertising platform as our starting point, our goal is to make answering complex questions at Twitter as easy as asking them. We're going to start by taking the massive data sets we collect every day (along with all its history) and making everything fully queryable and searchable in seconds! And we're also going to build all the tools necessary to highlight issues well before they ever get a chance to turn into real problems for the business. In our previous project, we learned that we could build technology that would effectively offload pager and infrastructure maintenance duties to the cloud, which gave our engineers more time to focus on building new solutions versus maintaining existing ones. Given the enormity of the task we face, we need you to help us design and implement the tools and services that will make it easier for Twitter to make more data-driven decisions than ever before! What You'll Do: This team has taken on a new role in Cloud Infrastructure, so everything is brand new for us. So, here is a sampling of past projects we've completed:  Twitter Cloud Data Center (TCDC) - Created a replica of Twitter's data centers in both Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). This allowed any Twitter service to run in the Cloud to support dynamic machine allocation and regional deployments. Kafka-Mesos (https://github.com/mesos/kafka/) - Recently migrated Kafka to run on our Mesos cluster for easier management. Quickly became the most active committer to the project and took over ownership. Data Center Manager (dcm) - A tool embracing “data centers as configuration”. It allows us to bring up an entire production-ready TCDC region in hours.  Current/Upcoming projects:  Query Service - Empower users to query data consistently from wherever it lives. We recognize that that customers will put their data in the places and tools that services them best and this will allow others to access data consistently regardless of where it's located. Query Cache - Using Google's DataFlow and Beam, we will be aggregating BigQuery data in BigTable so that customers and clients will experience blazing speed when investigating their metrics. Automatic Alerting - Will allow users to select the metrics that are important to them and display those metrics in dashboards when unusual trends occur.  What Else You Can Expect:  We believe that people are our strongest asset, and take special interest in each and every one of our engineers. You can expect a real investment in your professional growth, and a dedication to crafting a strong, sustainable career for you. Our teams are composed of highly talented and passionate 'A' players, and you’ll get the mentorship and coaching you deserve to hone your skills and expertise. Our vibrant culture and high expectations will kindle your passion and bring out the best in you!  In particular, we are an experienced team of senior engineers that work across batch, streaming, and serving systems to deliver solutions to a diverse set of problems here at Twitter. We move quickly and we expect to make an impact. If this describes your approach to writing software, apply to join us! Who You Are:  Industry experience working in a distributed computing environment. A strong passion for building tools and systems that enable other developers on your team to build great things. Proven strengths in algorithms, complex data structures, and dynamic programming. Previous experience with cloud server environments such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Good understanding of continuous integration and a strong drive toward automation. Good understanding of multi-threading, scaling, concurrency, caching, queuing, RPC, and distributed data storage. Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced, collaborative, and high-growth environment. Strong attention to detail.  For Bonus Points, You Would Also Have:  Experience administering production systems (preferably Linux) and a general awareness of DevOps best practices. Experience with the Lambda architecture and different ways of implementing it. Contributed / committed to a well-known open source project and/or interest in doing so in the future. Demonstrated ability to excel in whatever you pursue (whether it's work, school, competitions, open source contributions, personal projects, etc. you've always stood out and succeeded).  We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.                     Engineering Hiring Process            Step 1  Once your application is received, a recruiter will reach out pending your qualifications are a match for the role.      Step 2  If your background is a match, you may have 1-2 technical phone interviews or be given the chance to provide a work sample depending on the role.      Step 3  If the phone interviews go well or your work sample is strong, the final step includes interviews with 5-6 people held onsite in our office.                        Application                   Personal Information          First name*   This field is required.          Last name*   This field is required.                Address           City                State     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Alabama  Alaska  Arizona  Arkansas  California  Colorado  Connecticut  Delaware  Florida  Georgia  Hawaii  Idaho  Illinois  Indiana  Iowa  Kansas  Kentucky  Louisiana  Maine  Maryland  Massachusetts  Michigan  Minnesota  Mississippi  Missouri  Montana  Nebraska  Nevada  New Hampshire  New Jersey  New Mexico  New York  North Carolina  North Dakota  Ohio  Oklahoma  Oregon  Pennsylvania  Rhode Island  South Carolina  South Dakota  Tennessee  Texas  Utah  Vermont  Virginia  Washington  West Virginia  Wisconsin  Wyoming  District of Columbia  American Samoa  Guam  Northern Mariana Islands  Puerto Rico  United States Minor Outlying Islands  Virgin Islands, U.S.         Country*     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Afghanistan  Aland Islands  Albania  Algeria  Andorra  Angola  Anguilla  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Argentina  Armenia  Aruba  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belarus  Belgium  Belize  Benin  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia, Plurinational State of  Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Bouvet Island  Brazil  British Indian Ocean Territory  Brunei Darussalam  Bulgaria  Burkina Faso  Burundi  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Cape Verde  Cayman Islands  Central African Republic  Chad  Chile  China  Chinese Taipei  Christmas Island  Cocos (Keeling) Islands  Collectivity of Saint Martin  Colombia  Comoros  Congo, Rebublic of  Congo, Democratic Republic of  Cook Islands  Costa Rica  Cote d'Ivoire  Croatia  Cuba  Curaçao  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Djibouti  Dominica  Dominican Republic  Ecuador  Egypt  El Salvador  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Estonia  Ethiopia  Falkland Islands (Malvinas)  Faroe Islands  Fiji  Finland  France  French Guiana  French Polynesia  French Southern Territories  Gabon  Gambia  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Gibraltar  Greece  Greenland  Grenada  Guadeloupe  Guatemala  Guernsey  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Guyana  Haiti  Heard Island and McDonald Islands  Honduras  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indonesia  Iran, Islamic Republic of  Iraq  Ireland  Isle of Man  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jersey  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Kiribati  Korea, Democratic People's Republic of  Korea, Republic of  Kuwait  Kyrgyzstan  Lao People's Democratic Republic  Latvia  Lebanon  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macao  Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of  Madagascar  Malawi  Malaysia  Maldives  Mali  Malta  Martinique  Mauritania  Mauritius  Mayotte  Mexico  Moldova, Republic of  Monaco  Mongolia  Montenegro  Montserrat  Morocco  Mozambique  Myanmar  Namibia  Nauru  Nepal  Netherlands  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Nicaragua  Niger  Nigeria  Niue  Norfolk Island  Norway  Oman  Pakistan  Palestinian Territory, Occupied  Panama  Papua New Guinea  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Pitcairn  Poland  Portugal  Qatar  Reunion  Romania  Russian Federation  Rwanda  Saint Barthélemy  Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines  Samoa  San Marino  Sao Tome and Principe  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Singapore  Sint Maarten  Slovakia  Slovenia  Solomon Islands  Somalia  South Africa  South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands  South Sudan  Spain  Sri Lanka  Sudan  Suriname  Svalbard and Jan Mayen  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Syrian Arab Republic  Tajikistan  Tanzania, United Republic of  Thailand  Timor-Leste  Togo  Tokelau  Tonga  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Turkmenistan  Turks and Caicos Islands  Tuvalu  Uganda  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States  Uruguay  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Vatican City State  Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of  Viet Nam  Virgin Islands, British  Wallis and Futuna  Western Sahara  Yemen  Zambia  Zimbabwe    This field is required.        Email address*   This field is required.          Zip code         Primary phone*   This field is required.           Resume/Profile*    Upload      Required field. PDFs only; max file size is 1MB.      Cover letter    Upload      Required field. PDFs only; max file size is 1MB.             U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information  (Completion is Voluntary)  At Twitter, we have a bold aspiration to reach every person on the planet. We believe that goal is more attainable with a team that understands and represents different cultures and backgrounds and we are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter.  This is where you come in! Please take a few minutes to provide us with your information. You are not required to provide this information and you may decline to disclose. Your decision to provide information (or not) will not affect your employment or opportunities at Twitter.  Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.         Gender     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Female  Male  Other or Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Race/Ethnicity     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Asian (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Black or African American (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Hispanic or Latinx  Native American or Alaska Native (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Two or More Races / Multiracial  White (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Veteran Status     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  I am not a U.S. Veteran  I identify as a U.S. Veteran  Withhold / Decline to Disclose           Gender Identity     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Gender-nonconforming  Neither Gender-nonconforming nor Transgender  Transgender  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Sexual Orientation     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Bisexual  Gay  Heterosexual  Lesbian  Other  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Veteran Branch of Service     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Air Force  Army  Coast Guard  Marines  Navy  Other  Withhold / Decline to Disclose                    You can view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster here .   Twitter does not accept any unsolicited resumes from recruiting agencies and will not pay fees associated with any such resumes. Agencies, please do not send resumes to any Twitter location, employee, or email address.  Twitter, Inc. is committed to working with and providing access and reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical or mental disabilities. If you need an accommodation in order to apply for open job opportunities, please submit a description of your accommodation request to RARequest-Recruiting@twitter.com . This email is only for accommodation requests related to the application process.                Success   Thanks for applying!          Error   Submission failed. Please make sure all fields are correctly formatted.     Apply                                  Don't see the right fit?  Check out other opportunities at Twitter.     Explore our teams               Follow us                              Join The Flock     @JoinTheFlock         Twitter logo icon   Follow        Twitter Recruiting: All the deets about who we're hiring, what we're doing and why you should come and work here! #lovewhereyouwork                       TwitterU Recruiting     @TwitterU         Twitter logo icon   Follow        We're your one stop shop for anything University related. That means campus outreach, student advice/tips, & of course, our University Recruiting efforts!                         About    Company    Values    Safety    Blog    Brand Resources    Careers    Investors        Business    About Twitter Ads    Targeting    Analytics    Ads support    Business blog    Advertise        Developers    Documentation    Forums    Communities    Developer blog        Help Center    Using Twitter    My account    Fixing a problem    Policies and reporting    Safety Center        Marketing    Insights    Success Stories    Solutions    Collections    Marketing Blog    Flight School          © 2017 Twitter, Inc.   Cookies  Privacy  Terms and Conditions    Language     English                    DevOps Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job As a DevOps Engineer at Clara, you will architect, implement, and administer our AWS-based infrastructure. In addition, you will lead and contribute to the development of tools that help us monitor, configure, and scale our infrastructure. You will use your experience and expertise in both preventative and responsive situations. DevOps is already part of our engineering team’s DNA, so rather than dealing with daily operations and on-call schedules, you’ll get to create the tools and frameworks that empower and guide our developers to operate their own services effectively. You’re helping transform how families across America access capital by creating a novel, online borrowing experience. You’re part of an early, growing team that’s working to build a unified system to modernize an antiquated yet critical industry. Being an Engineer at Clara means being part of a diverse team whose backgrounds range from biology to finance, and whose interests range from round-the-clock coffee drinking to camping in Botswana to mentoring with Women Who Code. We care deeply about choosing the right tools for the job, building systems designed for longevity, and fostering a culture of continuous learning. Clara is a modern, technology-enabled lender backed by top venture capital firms based in downtown San Francisco and our mission is to improve people’s lives by reimagining how lending works. Our team brings together the best of Silicon Valley tech, financial services, the mortgage industry and the federal government. It’s an uncommon mix that allows us to tackle the biggest problems in consumer finance. Come join us! WHAT YOU'LL DO Make the most efficient use of DevOps technologies such as Docker, Terraform, and Chef. Implement the right tool for the job when necessary Use understanding and empathy for your customers to produce a highly efficient environment Contribute to an environment that enables our engineering teams to build, release, and operate their own microservices Participate in architecting, implementing, and administering our AWS-based infrastructure to support consumer-facing web applications, backend business workflow engines, and data pipelines Use best-in-class monitoring and self-healing techniques to efficiently scale with our business Work with, teach, and learn from an awesome team that is fun, devoted to personal growth, and committed to building something meaningful, lasting, and impactful ABOUT YOU You see both sides of DevOps - development and operations, and see how they are intertwined and influence each other. You adopt the philosophies behind DevOps and enjoy working in such collaborative environments. You care about continuous integration, reliable deployments, sensible configuration management, etc., because they catch errors early and improve both system stability and developer efficiency You’re lazy in the right ways - you have  a focus on building tools, systems and patterns, not manual firefighting You have built reusable systems, and are familiar with modern tools to reliably, consistently and repeatedly manage them - solid, supported, and maintained tools; not: post-it notes, tribal knowledge, or prayer You are well-versed in security best practices and defense mechanisms, and you have practiced them consistently 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, Systems Engineer or Systems Administrator 2+ years managing a non-trivial system architecture in AWS. Our current system has ~200 nodes serving 2 web applications, with more than a dozen back-end microservices across several environments; this is likely to grow significantly to support on-demand environments, more complex analytics, additional workflows, etc. Apply for this job Clara Home Page Jobs powered by  Skip Navigation                Toggle navigation  Menu          Search    My Account    Saved Jobs ( 0 )    Sign In          Job Details            Linux Operations Engineer - Mobile          Job ID #:  JR14041    Functional Area:  Information Technology    Position Type:  Full-Time Regular    Relocation Provided:  No    Travel Percentage:  0        Primary Location:  US-California-San Francisco 735 Battery Street, 1st Floor-3934    Secondary Location(s):  US-California-Larkspur 60 E Sir Francis Drake Blvd-3889    US-California-Petaluma 119 C Street-4067        Department:      Education Desired:  Bachelors Degree or equivalent    Experience Desired:  At least 5 years        Email a Friend    Save   Save  Apply Now             Position Responsibilities\Requirements:   FIS Mobile is looking to add an experienced, professional, and energetic Cloud Operations Engineer to our growing team. In this position, you’ll work closely with the Client Services and Product teams to ensure SaaS Operations can exceed SLA and uptime objectives as well as the DevOps team to take our continuous integration and delivery implementation to the next level. The role is designed for a sys admin “ninja” who can not only triage and prioritize when necessary, but has a strong sense of responsibility and ownership, and can drive a complex problem to completion. This position might be for you if… You’re currently in a Linux Operations Engineer/DevOps Engineer/Cloud Engineer/System Administrator position and you have a solid background in Linux and running LAMP type applications in a highly available, 24/7, public facing web/applications environment and a desire to automate everything. You’ll thrive in this role if you want to continue to learn and grow and be a part of a growing and dynamic team. About the FIS Mobile group : We connect consumers to their money — through leading-edge mobile banking, payments and commerce solutions. We’re the mobile development engine of FIS — the largest, Fortune 500, global FinTech company — powering over 1,400 banking apps and 30 million mobile users. Our solution is branded by our customers — banks and retailers — so you might not have heard of us. But, if you’ve used a banking app, you’re most likely using FIS Mobile software. Join us in setting the standard in mobile financial services! Key responsibilities include: Work with various cloud providers to deploy and run infrastructure used by our SaaS products. Operate, deploy and enhance components of our ecosystem such as Load Balancers, Firewalls, CI/CD rigs, orchestration, security infrastructure, monitoring and alerting tools, etc. Serve as the escalation point for technical support issues. Ensure that SLA for our 24/7 production and supporting environments is maintained. Contribute to and maintain process documentation for the SaaS team. Continually seek opportunities to improve SLA/Uptime and minimize customer impacts. Keep customers informed about impending maintenance window, software deployment and infrastructure upgrades. Delegate work as needed to our India Team. Understand, champion and enforce security and compliance policies and procedures. Track work activity, service tickets, or project tickets in Jira, Salesforce and other project tracking tools. Knowledge and Experience requirements: 5+ years’ experience supporting a high availability publicly facing product with 24/7 uptime and 99.9%+ SLA. Linux/UNIX experience Understanding of enterprise security tools and methodologies (SIEM, Vuln Mgmt, SOC, PCI, etc) Bachelor’s degree in technical discipline or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience.3+ years of related work experience  “Nice-to-have” technical experience, but not all necessarily required: Broad knowledge of architecture of enterprise-level information technology hardware (e.g., WAN, LAN and computer systems and peripherals) and software platforms. Deploying product features and updates on application servers (JBoss, Tomcat, WebSphere, etc.) Knowledge and understanding of networking technologies. (VPN, Load Balancers, Firewalls, Routers, etc.) Understanding of internet technologies. (Web servers, encryption, XML, HTTP, Web Services, etc.) Experience with running operations at a cloud provider such as Amazon or Azure Familiarity with utilizing cloud technologies such as (CloudWatch, CloudFormation, S3, CloudFront, etc) Understanding of Continuous Delivery and Continuous Integration methodologies. Experience with IT infrastructure tools such as application and server monitoring, log management, IPS/IDS, vulnerability management, etc. Experience with databases, SQL, LDAP          .        FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf and here: www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf For positions located in the US, the conditions below apply.
 
If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test and background check (including criminal record check)
 
ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis.     As part of the selection process this role may require an assessment to determine suitability      Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company.                jobDetails                              Job Summary US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1B candidates. Please No Consultants, Full time experience only. My client a leading hot new start up that is revolutionizing their industry with their breakthrough application located in Los Angeles, CA is looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer to join their fast-growing operation in the beautiful Southern California. To tell you about the company, they are revolutionizing their industry, changing the traditional industry to be on demand and more “On Demand.” They have already taken California by storm and they aren’t stopping there. They are expanding their platform to new cities and states as we speak. For this position, we are looking for a rock star someone who wants to shine and take DevOps to that next level. We are not looking for your Average Joe. We are looking for someone who thrives in a position allowing them the freedom to choose technologies, make decisions, taking initiative and someone with the chops to lead development and a team in the future. This person must practice infrastructure as code. As a DevOps engineer you will be a part of a small, geographically distributed (two offshore teams for when the office is closed), cross-functional Scrum team that is massively scaling platform infrastructure. This team is committed to delivering the highest systems uptime and operations transparency. As a DevOps engineer you are responsible for “baking in” high scalability and high availability into our infrastructure. You will be charged with architecting, designing, developing, and supporting the most visible Internet-scale infrastructure. Managing the infrastructure powering the application at massive scale requires you to master AWS cloud architectures, designing effective high availability network topologies, as well as, having a mastery of hardware and software load balancers. You will apply deep understanding of clustering techniques to SQL and NoSQL storage and design and implement effective disaster recovery strategies. The ideal candidate will be an expert in Ops Management tools and you have a deep understanding of change control protocols and procedures. Finally, you will apply your deep knowledge of monitoring tools, and NOC operations to manage 24/7 NOC team. You will own the availability and scalability of everything you touch whether someone else wrote it, fixed it or modified it. Specifically, your tech stack for this DevOps position includes JavaScript, Python, Go, Puppet, EC2, S3, Terraform, Kubernetes, ALB, RDS, SQS, Kinesis, Kafka, Nginx, NOSQL, MongoDB and CouchDB. The salary and benefits for this position is very competitive up to $190k depending on experience plus equity (if you are making more don’t count yourself out we will make it work). Also included would be a relocation package to the beautiful Los Angeles if needed. My client believes in compensating their employees for their hard work by making sure you are appreciated not only financially but also on all levels within your career. As an employee at this company you are a key member of the team, and will have input from day 1. This company believes in elevating their employees and that’s why their engineers are so happy today =) Your workplace locale will be a clean, brand new office in a new building site. Our office provides you a trendy and accommodating environment. You will have a flexible schedule, as we know LA traffic stinks. The dress code is casual and you will have free parking on site. The kitchen is fully stocked filled with snacks to get you through the day. Your benefits are all top of the line including 100% employer paid health insurance with option of an HMO and PPO under Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield. There is a 401k and really great holiday schedule. In regards to company size there’s around 170 people in the company but the actual engineering team is quite small, but looking to double in size over the next year. Currently there are around 20 people in engineering, all mainly focused on the front and backend development. I’m sure you’re wondering about the tech stack used here. The back-end is mainly written in Java with Node and React on the frontend. The databases used are Mongo and Dynamo. DevOps is using the AWS stack. To reiterate for this position the overall tech stack for this role includes JavaScript, Python, Go, Puppet, EC2, S3, Terraform, Kubernetes, ALB, RDS, SQS, Kinesis, Kafka, Nginx, NOSQL, MongoDB and CouchDB. The best part is we are open to adding a lot more technologies to it =) Some exciting news is if you did start with this company you would be getting in right before they begin their expansion, where they will be double to tripling in size over the next year. This company has big plans for an expansion since they not only own their market place but we have ZERO competition . Watch out Silicon Beach we are going to start building around our app. Required Skills: Bachelors of Computer Science Degree 5+ years of hands on experience developing highly scalable distributed systems. Expert knowledge of Cloud Computing Architectures, Expert knowledge in Networking Topologies and clustering techniques. Experience with minimum 10 nodes per cluster Desire product ownership and a need to profess professionally AWS experience Experience with massively scaling Java based components. Pluses: Leadership experience Entrepreneurial spirit Worked in a fast-paced organization Fast paced Startup experience The Offer: Competitive Salary Options 100% Employee paid health plans (HMO or PPO) 401k Fast Paced, long term growth Paid vacation Competitive raise structure US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1b candidates. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $150,000.00 to $190,000.00 /year Job Location: Los Angeles, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: AWS: 5 years massively scaling platform infrastructure: 5 years Terraform: 1 yearCloud Engineer - Windows/ Linux Permanent position with excellent benefits working for top rated technology corporation, ranked on the top companies to work for in USA Location options: Atlanta,GA, San Francisco,CA or Toronto (Canada) Required Qualifications/Skills  : 7-10 years’ experience in hands-on support of Windows Server operating systems (2003, 2008, 2012) and Active Directory Services. 5+ years’ experience working with Linux operating systems; e.g., Ubuntu, etc. 5+ years’ experience working with virtualization: performance tuning, capacity management, design, administration, and configuration, preferably with VMWare, Openstack, or other industry-standard virtualization platforms. 3+ years’ hands-on experience with various storage platforms; e.g., EMC, Netapp, Left Hand, Solid Fire. 5+ years’ experience managing and supporting high availability systems. Functional understanding of the DEVOps model. Experience with configuration management tools like Microsoft System Center. Experience with coding and scripting languages like PowerShell, PowerCLI, Java, Python. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Passionate about learning new technologies and platforms. Preferred Qualifications/Skills  : Working knowledge of MS SQL, MySQL, etc. Experience with configuration management tools such as Chef, Salt, or Ansible a plus. Exposure to and high comfort level in working with Linux operating systems. Familiarity with container technologies (e.g. Docker). Experience with open source technologies and concepts. Experience with Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) applications (Open Stack, vSphere, Amazon Web Services, etc.) a plus. Interpersonal Skills  : Ability to multitask and adapt quickly to emerging technologies. Process and procedure driven. Has solid, analytical thought process in response to challenges or problems. Ability to prioritize multiple tasks effectively and able to operate in a fast-paced, intensely deadline-oriented work environment. Commitment to quality and attention to detail. Ability to work in a team environment and partner effectively with others. Ability to communicate effectively (listening, presenting, and questioning). Ability to be flexible in a negotiating environment. Excellent customer service skills. Strong organizational skills. Education/Certification/License  : S. /B.S. in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or related field preferred. Microsoft Certified. VMware Certified. Linux Certified. Job Type: Full-time Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: PowerShell, Java or other scripting languages: 5 years WIndows Server: 7 years storage platforms (EMC, Netapp, Left Hand, etc.): 3 years Linux Operating systems: 5 years                          Skip to main content          Toggle navigation     Toggle Search                Search form      GO Search     Search              Toggle Search      SERVICES SERVICES   Customer Engagement  Delivery Leadership  Experience Design  Information Management and Analytics  Organizational Effectiveness  Strategy and Operations  Technology Enablement     WORK WORK   Customer Stories  Industries  Partners    THINKING THINKING   JOIN JOIN   Current Opportunities  Connect with Us     ABOUT ABOUT   Our People  Our Story  Community  Inclusion and Diversity  Awards and Recognition     OFFICES OFFICES   Atlanta  Boise  Boston  Chicago  Cross-Market  Dallas  Denver  Detroit  Fort Worth  Hartford  Houston  London  Los Angeles  Minneapolis  New York  Orange County / San Diego  Philadelphia  Phoenix  Portland  St. Louis  Salt Lake City  San Francisco  Seattle  Silicon Valley  Toronto  Washington D.C.                                                     Careers at Slalom         Return to Search Openings  Log In  Connect with Us           Job Title:   Cloud Consultant     Job Number:   JO-1612-429     Location:   San Francisco     Corporate:           Share  |      | Email this job        Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 4,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2016 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 25 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada. Job Title: Cloud/DevOps  Consultant Responsibilities: Take ownership of key architecture decisions Designed, built, tested, and deployed highly scalable and resilient cloud-based applications on private and public clouds Developed deep expertise with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and/or Google Cloud Knowledgeable in the tools and techniques necessary to design automated deployments using a DevOps approach Qualifications: 5-7 years of software engineering experience Comfortable working on agile-based teams comprised of team members with diverse skill-sets (e.g. Quality Assurance Engineers, User Experience Designers, Software Engineers / Architects) Capable of collaborating with our client stakeholders and project leaders to understand requirements, deliverables, and set expectations on tasks that you will be responsible for Slalom is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.       Would you like to apply to this job?  Log In if already registered  otherwise  Please Register                                 Information on Slalom Labor Conditions Applications     Offices     Atlanta  Boise  Boston  Chicago  Cross-Market  Dallas  Denver  Detroit  Fort Worth  Hartford  Houston  London  Los Angeles  Minneapolis  New York  Orange County / San Diego  Philadelphia  Phoenix  Portland  St. Louis  Salt Lake City  San Francisco  Seattle  Silicon Valley  Toronto  Washington D.C.                                              © 2007-2017 Slalom, LLC All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy  •  Terms of Use                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today         About Us    About GuruLink   Who We Are  What We Do  Careers  Partnerships  Search Site     How To Reach Us   Contact Us  Feedback                 Candidates    For Candidates   Search Jobs  Refer a Guru  Register  Test Your Skills  How We Help  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions     How To Reach Us   Contact Us  Feedback                 Employers    For Employers   Recruitment Services  Recruitment Software  Register  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions     How To Reach Us    Contact Us  Feedback                 Resources     For Candidates   Career Development  Immigration      For Employers   Employer Resources  News And Research           Login    Member Login Area  Please enter your email address and password below to login to the Guru system.    Email  Password   Login                    GuruLink helps you stand out from the crowd.           Home Candidates Job Search Job Site Reliability Engineer       Add This               Refer a Guru and Win $500  To apply for this job you must first either login or register     Site Reliability Engineer  San Francisco,California
            -Permanent   Job Description  Our client is transforming everyday lives by seeking and solving seemingly impossible problems. They are an online and the only grocery delivery service that delivers in less than an hour. They are using a cutting-edge technology and a simple solution to help both customers and retailers. We are currently on the lookout for a Site Reliability Engineer to join their team. They are currently looking for an experienced engineer to join their small and quick infrastructure team. They are currently working in Python and their infrastructure runs on AWS. Some of your responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: -Being part of a small but strong team, you will have a large amount of ownership and responsibility -Owning the security and availability of critical infrastructure components -Creating tools for software engineers, data scientists, and data analysts to easily run their production services  Special Perks:  -Talented and collaborative team who will continue to push and support you -Market Competitive salary, equity, options -401K -Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits -16-week Maternity, 8 Week Paternity  Must Have Skills:  -2+ years as a Site Reliability Engineer and/or DevOps Engineer -Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent work experience -Strong coding ability -Strong understanding of how to manage servers, primarily with Linux -Experience with AWS, including EC2 -Experience with configuration management, such as Ansible and/or SaltStack -Strong sense of ownership, self-motivated  Nice to Have Skills:  -Ability to analyze data with SQL -Experience with Ruby or Javascript -Experience with web frameworks -Experience with PostgreSQL, Redis, and/or ElasticSearch  Details: Starting: ASAP       Refer a Guru and Win $500  To apply for this job you must first either login or register                Search Jobs  Refer a Guru  Register  Test Your Skills  How We Help  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions      Search Jobs        Search                                     More Information   Browse Job Postings  Give Us Feedback  Site Map  Contact Us       Latest Tweets   Tweets by @GuruLink       Testimonials            © 2017 All rights reserved GuruLink Inc.  | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy                            Apply Now  AI Senior Software Engineer, Full Stack  at Demandbase  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    What do industry leaders like Adobe, American Express, Box, Salesforce.com and SAP have in common? They all use Demandbase solutions to power their business-to-business (B2B) marketing!  Demandbase, a leading SaaS-based B2B marketing technology, is looking for more inspired and driven people to join us. With a roster of loyal, blue-chip customers that’s growing every day, we’re in a phase of pre-IPO growth and building the team that will take us to the next level. If you thrive on innovation and working with the best in industry, you’re probably a good fit for us.  As the AI Senior Software Engineer, Full Stack you will be responsible for scaling our machine learning tools and will own all aspects of engineering including technical design, UI architecture, implementation, full stack development, deployment, and operations.  This position will work directly supporting the Demandbase Artificial Intelligence applications; therefore, you will be responsible for building a highly available, scalable, distributed and secure systems.  To apply for the role, you should possess strong analytical, design, and problem diagnosis skills. You like thinking “outside the box”, are not afraid of ambiguity, get excited about difficult challenges, and are a motivated self-starter. You are a strong team player and thrive in a startup environment where flexibility is essential and delivering rock solid, customer focused solutions is paramount.  Responsibilities:   Impact: You will provide core capabilities that will be used to build rich functional applications  Technology: Use UI technologies such as React, Redux, and Bootstrap  Development: You will engineer scalable applications to support machine learning systems enabling real-time decisions with a large scale data ingestion    Scope: You will build applications that support large scale machine learning models which support and drive processing of hundreds of terabytes of unstructured and structured data  Collaboration: Work alongside our most senior Engineers, Data Science and Devops to help us build and maintain a massively scalable and reliable service  Learning: Learn from and contribute to the communities creating technologies we use   Requirements:   Masters in Computer Science and 3+ years experience or Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and 5+ years experience  Computer Science maestro in algorithms, data structures, especially distributed computing and graphs  Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design and data structures  Experience working with Ruby or Python  Experience with Javascript, HTML, and CSS  Experience with UI frameworks, such as React and Redux  Experience with (or passion to learn) big data technologies, including Hadoop, MapReduce, Storm, Spark, Cassandra, Redshift, MongoDB, Athena, Kinesis etc.  Strong problem-solving abilities and functional programming design skills  Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well in a team  Ability to excel in a fast-paced, startup environment  Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations   Why join us?   Be part of a rapidly-growing, pre-IPO company  Opportunity to extend our ABM leadership position and fast-track innovation behind AI-powered Account-Based Marketing solutions  Drive the next generation of intelligent CRM technologies and invent how Artificial Intelligence, product design, and applications converge  Work with a world class team of engineers, PMs, data scientists, sales and marketers  Have the flexibility of a start up with the security of a sizable, well-funded organization (we recently closed a $65M round of funding)   About Demandbase:   The Demandbase ABM Platform is the only comprehensive set of ABM solutions, Artificial Intelligence and patented technology purpose built for the account-based needs of B2B. This allows B2B companies to execute their marketing and sales efforts across the funnel to identify, attract, engage, and convert their target accounts and then measure the results. You can scale and grow your efforts with the leading ABM vendor instead of trying to patch everything together with multiple point solutions. The Demandbase ABM Platform allows customers to define their ABM strategies and initiatives and then take action from a single platform. It leverages unique B2B data sets, Artificial Intelligence and IP targeting technology, Real-Time Intent as well as ingesting our customers’ first party and CRM data in order to provide insights and initiate account activities.  Enterprise leaders and high-growth companies such as Accenture, Adobe, DocuSign, GE, Grainger, Salesforce and others use Demandbase to drive their ABM strategy and maximize their marketing performance.  Demandbase was named a Best Place to Work by SF Business times in 2015, 2016, and 2017 and Glassdoor’s Top 10 Best Places to Work in 2016. For more information, please visit https://www.demandbase.com or follow the company on Twitter @Demandbase .  Benefits:  Our benefits include 100% paid for Medical, Dental and Vision for you and your entire family, short-term/long-term disability, life insurance, flexible vacation policy, 401k, commuter benefits, free snacks, catered lunch every Friday, Pinot Noir Fridays, chair massages, weekly yoga and much more!          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                    Featured Jobs   Administrative/Support Jobs  Customer Service/Call Center Jobs  Executive Jobs  Finance/Accounting Jobs  Human Resources/Legal Jobs  Information Technology Jobs  Real Estate Field Services Jobs  Marketing/Communications Jobs  Real Estate Operations/Management Jobs  Sales/Account Management Jobs     Locations    Not finding a job?   Join Our Talent Community  View All Jobs           Search Our Open Positions    Search by Keyword      Search by Location              Search by Keyword      Search by Location            Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now           Email   Start         Please wait...         Share this Job                          Senior Big Data Engineer  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...       Date:  Nov 3, 2017    Location:  Emeryville, CA, US    Company:  Realogy Services Group LLC         Requisition 45267   About ZapLabs LLC ZapLabs ( www.zaplabs.com ) is the innovation and technology hub for global real estate leader Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), and the driving force behind inventive technology for brokers and agents affiliated with Realogy’s world renowned real estate brands. ZapLabs delivers its highly effective consumer, sales associate and broker solutions in support of Realogy’s leading franchise brands and is positioned to expand the scope of its technology development efforts to encompass Realogy’s other business segments, including residential brokerage, relocation and settlement services. ZapLabs is headquartered in Emeryville, California.    At ZapLabs, we work to build and improve a platform that helps real estate professionals work effectively, and helps delight home buyers and sellers with an excellent experience. We do that by combining great technology with great people – and we’re looking for a Senior Big Data Engineer to join our team.    What we’re looking for :  You’re a talented, creative, and motivated engineer who loves developing powerful, stable, and intuitive apps – and you’re excited to work with a team of individuals with that same passion. You’ve accumulated years of experience, and you’re excited about taking your mastery of Big Data and Java to a new level. You enjoy challenging projects involving big data sets and are cool under pressure. You’re no stranger to fast-paced environments and agile development methodologies – in fact, you embrace them. With your strong analytical skills, your unwavering commitment to quality, your excellent technical skills, and your collaborative work ethic, you’ll do great things here at ZapLabs.    What you’ll do :  As a Senior Big Data Engineer, you’ll be responsible for designing and building high performance, scalable data solutions that meet the needs of millions of agents, brokers, home buyers, and sellers. You’ll design, develop, and test robust, scalable data platform components. You’ll work with a variety of teams and individuals, including product engineers to understand their data pipeline needs and come up with innovative solutions. By collaborating with our talented team of engineers, product managers, and designers, you’ll be a driving force in defining new data products and features.    Skills, accomplishments, and interests you should have :   BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline – or equivalent combination of training and experience  6+ years core Java experience: building business logic layers and back-end systems for high-volume pipelines  Experience with Spark Streaming and Scala  Current experience in Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce and HDFS, Cassandra/HBase  Understanding of data flows, data architecture, ETL and processing of structured and unstructured data  Current experience using Java development, SQL Database systems, and Apache products  Experience with high-speed messaging frameworks and streaming (Kafka, Akka, reactive)  Current experience developing and deploying applications to a public cloud (AWS, GCE)  Experience with DevOps tools (GitHub, Travis CI, JIRA) and methodologies (Lean, Agile, Scrum, Test Driven Development)  Experience with data science and machine/deep learning a plus  Ability to work quickly with an eye towards writing clean code that is efficient and reusable  Ability to build prototypes for new features that will delight our users and are consistent with business goals  Ability to iterate quickly in an agile development process  Ability to learn new technologies and evaluate multiple technologies to solve a problem  Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English  Strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit   Nice to haves:     Experience mentoring or acting in a lead capacity   We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats.        EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  #LI-LY1       Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Database, Engineer, Computer Science, Real Estate, Java, Technology, Engineering, Sales      Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...           Find similar jobs:   ZapLabs Jobs,  Information Technology Jobs       ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users    Email*   Password*   Forgot Password?   Sign in   * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create        ×  Create Profile        Working...   Next »       ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »                Home  Realogy.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy     Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  Realogy endeavors to make our careers site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process due to a disability, please email realogyrecruiter@realogy.com. Please note that Realogy will respond only to requests for accommodations due to a disability.                                                    Director of Engineering Redwood City, CA; San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-Time Apply for this job About OpenGov OpenGov is a fast-growing, venture-backed SaaS company that is powering more effective and accountable governments. We are the leader in government performance solutions that give governments the right tools and relevant data for more informed decision- making and better outcomes for the public. We're innovating, solving big challenges and having fun while doing it. We're looking for folks with can-do attitudes who go above and beyond. We're currently looking for an experienced Director of Engineering to lead our Microservices, Devops and CI/CD teams. In this role you will be working with developers and product managers to deliver a product that helps organizations manage public sector money. Our engineering culture is centered around hiring smart talent and building world-class software - we take pride in our quality and stay humble while driving forward with our audacious mission. About the Director of Engineering Operations role You will be responsible for building a leading edge micro services framework orchestrated using Docker and Kubernetes in a multi-region, multi-cloud environment. You will champion a culture of Devops by building frameworks and tools required by OpenGov Engineering to continuously deploy high quality software to production. You will be responsible for setting up the Devops & Quality frameworks, tools and processes required to maintain high availability for our entire stack - including the data platform, services and applications. You have a strong background in building JVM-based micro-services frameworks, cloud architecture, test automation and deployments to help achieve our vision. Responsibilities • Establish a culture of continuous deployment within the organization using best practices, tools and frameworks • Build and maintain our CICD pipeline and work cross-functionally to ensure that our platform and product teams are following established guidelines • Be the voice of quality within the organization and enforce strict gating criteria for promoting branches to production • Hire senior engineers and architects to bolster the team and establish a culture of high performance and transparency within the Devops and Quality organizations • Enforce best practices for cloud architecture, think out of the box and lead from the front Qualifications • 8+ years of experience in software development and delivery • Experience in deploying and monitoring software in cloud environments, preferably AWS • Solid understanding of modern container orchestration technologies, networking, routing and micro services architecture • Have an understanding of modern Hadoop stack and strategies around deployment, scale up and scale out • Should have managed teams of 3-5 people and be able to hire and grow team when required • Prior experience in data residency requirements of different countries a big plus • Prior experience with SOC2/FedRAMP certifications a big plus • B.S. in Computer Science (or something equivalent) Apply for this job OpenGov Home Page Jobs powered byData Scientist - Senior Consultant San Francisco, CA SL : Data Science Full-time Apply for this job Do YOU have a passion for working with Data?  Do you love working in machine learning, real-time analytics, or Big Data? Interested in learning and utilizing different technologies without limitation? We are looking for a Data Expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the Cloud and on-premise.  At Clarity Insights, we specialize in providing Data & Analytics expertise that result in real and measurable business outcomes. We are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients. Clarity Insights is the largest independent professional services firm focused exclusively data analytics solutions. Our Data Science practice has one vision:  to drive better business outcomes through data and analytics.  We provide data analytics advisory and solution delivery consulting services.  We believe that nothing sells like great delivery, and are committed to our people and client delivery excellence.  With continuing, aggressive growth plans for the next five years, Clarity is seeking outstanding data analytics leaders to successfully qualify, propose, close and lead client solution delivery. As a Senior Data Scientist at Clarity Insights you will fully understanding the requirements of our client, and will be working with very big data.  You will engineer custom simulation models, design simulation experiments (including optimization), and conduct experiments in support of client business decisions.  To support model development and use, you must be skilled at extracting, transforming, and analyzing data using a variety of common analytic tools and statistical techniques. Basic Qualifications Bachelors Degree and 5+ years work experience 5+ years of professional work experience as a Data Scientist on strategy or full-life cycle projects is required 5+ years recent hands-on experience working with data mining tools like Python, R, SAS, SPSS or R is required Experience with data mining and predictive modeling to include one or more modeling techniques:  Logistic Regression, Linear/Non-Linear Regression, Time Series Analysis; Optimization, Simulation and/or Machine Learning. Must have an undergraduate (BS) or postgraduate (MS) degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research or Industrial Engineering or work experience demonstrating similar skills Candidates must possess very strong SQL Skills working with RDBMS's such as Oracle, DB2, Redshift, Vertica,  Greenplum, or Teradata Candidates must have experience working with NoSQL platforms, such as Hadoop Experience with Time Series / AB Testing strongly preferred Experience cleansing and manipulating data (such as proficiency with regex) is required Excellent written and oral communication skills; must be capable of fully yet concisely articulating technical concepts to non-technical audiences Experience with Data Visualization tools is preferred (i.e. Tableau, Qlikview, D3).  Must be able to articulate the results of your analytics to the customer audience National travel to the client on a weekly basis is required.  Normal travel schedule is M-TH travel to a client location Preferred Qualifications Prior experience as an ORSA or equivalent position; and a prior commissioned officer of the U.S. Military (any branch) Individuals with past management consulting experience working with both Strategy and Full-Lifecycle implementations for nationally based clients. Why Clarity Insights, Why Consulting and Why Now? We don’t try to be everything to everybody all the time. We specialize in Data & Analytics and will remain a platform and tool agnostic company so you can grow technically throughout your career. It sounds ridiculous but you actually need to be 100% technical and 100% business with strategy because we don’t hire non-communicative robots who have a one size fits all approach. We often could speak to a CFO or Head of Underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline – in terms they can understand – why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics. If we step across to the DevOps lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about Apache committers, OSF, full stack development, microservices, containers and much more. We’re not trying to boil the ocean. We want to grow from 400 people to 1700 people in 4 years to take the market an accessible set of consulting skills. We have a lot of fun together. Most people join here and stay here for the people. That said, we are popular so we do rack up some travel miles. I have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but here’s a suggestion – if you LOVE Cloud Computing for Big Data and/or Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, etc we should talk. Clarity Insights is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. #LI-AW1 GLDR Apply for this job Jobs powered bySr. Technical Writer San Francisco Product Management Full-time Apply for this job Databricks is looking for an experienced technical writer to create compelling content that shows customers how to use our data analytics platform and runtime to squeeze the most possible intelligence out of their (big) data. This means that you will be writing for a sophisticated audience of data scientists, data engineers, devops, and developers, telling them in their own language how to perform the typical tasks of their trade, and showing them how to do things they never dreamed they could do. As a member of the Databricks Documentation team, you will collaborate very closely with brilliant engineers, driven product managers, and technically-savvy customer representatives to help make the Databricks experience the gold standard for this growing multi-billion dollar market. You must have the technical background to learn bleeding-edge data tools quickly. You must be passionate about writing, with a focus on clarity, straightforward storytelling, and an information architect’s approach to organizing material. The work is going to come fast and furious, but you’ll never let up your attention to detail and your advocacy for the customer. Databricks’ mission is to accelerate innovation for its customers by unifying Data Science, Engineering and Business. Founded by the team who created Apache Spark™, Databricks provides a Unified Analytics Platform for data science teams to collaborate with data engineering and lines of business to build data products. Databricks, venture-backed by Andreessen Horowitz, NEA and Battery Ventures, among others, is one of the fastest growing enterprise software companies in history. Responsibilities Write documentation for all parts of the data analytics lifecycle, including deployment and configuration guidance for IT and devops engineers, user guidance for data scientists and data engineers, API and command references, tutorials, walkthroughs, sample apps, and best practices guides Help re-architect our burgeoning documentation set Help streamline our authoring and production processes Help create our house style standards Work closely with engineers, product managers, UX designers, and customer support to ensure that our documentation set really meets the needs of our customers Apply a rigorous research and information-architecture approach to identify who our customers are, discover what they need, and deliver it Get up to speed quickly and work efficiently to deliver high-quality work on time Qualifications Ability to grasp complex systems at a technical level 5+ years documenting sophisticated technologies for developers and IT professionals Experience documenting SDKs, APIs, and similar tools Mastery of the tools of the technical writer: consistent voice, straightforward and lively style, understanding (or intuition!) of the rules of grammar and usage Excellent editing and communication skills Proficiency in HTML, Markdown (or similar lightweight tagging tools), and Git Understanding of cloud and distributed data infrastructure Basic proficiency in at least one programming language Basic SQL proficiency and understanding of relational databases Understanding of information architecture concepts and how to apply them Proven project management skills Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities in the face of ambiguity Obsession with technical accuracy and attention to detail Bonus: The ability to understand and/or test code samples in one of the following: Python, Java, Scala, R Experience documenting or working with Big Data technologies (data warehouse, data analytics, etc) Experience developing short video tutorials Experience creating effective and attractive diagrams Experience evaluating, implementing, or managing a content management system (CMS) Benefits Medical, dental, vision 401k Retirement Plan Unlimited Paid Time Off Catered lunch (every day), snacks, and drinks Gym reimbursement Employee referral bonus program Awesome coworkers Apply for this job Databricks Home Page Jobs powered byData Engineer - Principal (Big Data Architect) - San Francisco, CA San Francisco, CA SL : Data Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Do you have a passion for data? Clarity Insights is a leading professional services firm focused exclusively on data and analytics. We own our solutions, providing business and technology landscape review, gap analysis, and go-forward strategy for our clients, in addition to implementing the future-state vision. We are... •   The Industry-recognized data and analytics leaders •   Passionate problem solvers across a broad spectrum of technologies and industries •   Value seekers for measurable business outcomes •   Continuous learners through training and education  Focused on a work-life balance with an unlimited paid time off policy Big data architects are challenged with leading the next generation of data solutions for many of the most high-profile and technologically-advanced organizations nationally, targeting a variety of use cases across data engineering, data science, data governance, and visualization. Big data architects deliver value through... Design of highly-scalable, reliable, and performant pipelines to consume, integrate and analyze large volumes of complex data using a variety of best-in-class proprietary and open-source platforms and tools Demonstration of client and solution leadership through strong communication skills to recommend actionable, data-driven insights Collaboration with team members, business stakeholders and data SMEs to elicit, translate, and prescribe requirements Management of technical, project, and organizational complexity, with a proven ability to simplify tough problems, track many moving parts across functional teams and business domains, and influence strategic direction Internal contribution and influence over the growth of their consultancy with direct lines of communication from team member to CEO A big data architect's skills include but are not limited to... Bachelors Degree and 6+years of experience 6+ years of professional IT work experience 3+ years consulting experience SQL, SQL, SQL! Programming / Scripting (Python, Java, C/C++, Scala, Bash, Korn Shell) Linux / Windows (Command line) Big Data (Hadoop, Flume, HBase, Hive, Map-Reduce, Oozie, Sqoop, Spark) Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform) Data Concepts (ETL, near-/real-time streaming, data structures, metadata and workflow management) Data Integration Tools (Ab Initio, DataStage, Informatica, SSIS, Talend) Databases (DB2, HANA, Netezza, Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, Vertica) Markup Languages (JSON, XML, YAML) Code Management Tools (Git/GitHub, SVN, TFS) DevOps Tools (Chef, Docker, Puppet, Bamboo, Jenkins) Testing / Data Quality (TDD, unit, regression, automation) Solving complex data and technology problems Excellent communication to narrate data driven insights and technical approach B.S. in computer science, engineering or related degree If this sounds like you, let’s talk! Clarity Insights is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. GLDR #LI-RL1 Apply for this job Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Senior Site Reliability Engineer  at Cruise  San Francisco, CA    We're the driverless car company. We’re building the world’s best autonomous vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about.    Our vehicles are on the road in California, Arizona, and Michigan navigating some of the most challenging and unpredictable driving environments. We’re hiring people who want to solve some of today’s most complex engineering challenges and make a positive impact.      Responsibilities:    Set the technical direction for our infrastructure team  Build systems that scale to manage hundreds of petabytes of data across multiple physical locations  Manage our on-premise and cloud Kubernetes clusters to support growing workloads  Design and implement best practices for security, monitoring, and logging systems  Support our CI & Simulation infrastructure running on AWS GPU instances     Requirements:    3+ years experience in software or DevOps engineering roles  Experience writing production software using Go, Python, C++, or similar languages  Thorough understanding unix and networking fundamentals  Experience managing container-based workloads, using Kubernetes or other orchestration software  Experience with AWS, or other cloud infrastructure providers  Ability to manage competing priorities, focus on shipping, and work well under pressure  Strong communication and interpersonal skills  Attention to detail and a passion for correctness   Bonus Points   Experience managing physical compute, storage, and networking hardware  Experience with Hadoop, Spark, or other data processing tools    Perks:   Solve difficult problems that have immediate and valuable real-world applications  Competitive salary and benefits including matched 401k, medical / dental / vision, AD+D and Life  Paid parental leave  Flexible vacation and 10 paid company holidays  State of the art equipment for your work station  Lunch, snacks, and dinner  Free rides in self-driving cars!     GM Cruise LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GM Cruise LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.    Privacy Statement            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Cruise are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                           Menu Careers Home Current Openings     Careers At Energy Solutions  Are you ready for new challenges and new opportunities?  Join our team!  Current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.     Senior Software Engineer    Location  Oakland, CA    START YOUR APPLICATION  Energy Solutions is seeking an experienced Senior Software Engineer to join our team of web application developers in the clean energy space. Our software engineering staff collaborate to design and build best-of-breed data and software systems that support renewable energy deployment and policy development in California and across the US. Our user base includes participants from all sides of California's modern energy mix, including utility program managers, state regulators, policymakers, media researchers, energy system owners and installers, equipment manufacturers, academics, and program evaluators. We are on the forefront of renewable energy data quality and transparency, and the systems we develop are core components of the significant impact our company has on the implementation of a smart, clean energy framework in California and beyond.   In this role, you will be a leading player on our team of talented full-stack software engineers, working closely with developers, project managers, designers, clients, and content experts in a dynamic team environment. You will bring deep technical expertise and a team-oriented approach to bear as you architect and implement systems that meet the technical needs of our clients as well as the energy and cost savings goals of the programs we support. You know the power of a well-oiled team and will foster working relationships that are highly productive and collaborative while working to deliver excellent software in a fun and engaging working environment. Youre comfortable working in agile sprints as well as steady development efforts, and take an active role in helping prioritize tasks with project managers. You enjoy mentoring junior and mid-level developers, and view their continued improvement as a benefit to them, the company, and to you.  Primary Responsibilities:   Design, development and maintenance of software systems supporting distribution of incentives for clean energy technologies    Design and develop complex software and coordinate between multiple modules, operating in a Python/PostgreSQL stack on CentOS servers   Leverage Django web framework and a suite of Javascript packages to build and improve on apps  Lead overall pro ject architecture and own of one of our primary codebases   Engineer excellent user experiences and creative visualizations of powerful data sets using single-page, form-based web apps   Task junior staff members with development work on projects and serve as a mentor, providing them with professional development areas and techniques   Support marketing of software services to current and potential clients   Communicate closely with internal Project Managers   Ensure system quality, delegating repairs to other staff members as needed   Serve as a technical resource for software-related inquiries   Communicate with upper management (and sometimes clients) about project status and additional offerings   Mentor junior staff members on professional development techniques and areas    Qualifications:   8+ years of full stack engineering experience, and a B.S. in Software Engineering/Computer Science or equivalent software development experience; a MS and additional technical training a plus   Strong understanding and familiarity with DevOps, server and database management   Effective communication skills and an enthusiasm for collaborative software development   An interest in the 12 Factor App and an excitement to put these principles to work   Expert-level Python, *SQL, and Javascript  Software architecture background and deep understanding of software system engineering and interconnections between complex systems  Effective code review and documentation best practices  Familiarity with agile software development principles and best practices  Understanding of user-centered design principles and best practices  Strong familiarity with Django or Flask and PostgreSQL  Additional experience with these tools strongly desired:     SQLAlchemy    Javascript tools: require.js, backbone.js, handlebars.js, j Query, jasmine    Visualization tools: d3.js, Highcharts, Tableau    Deployment environments: Docker, Ansible.     New toolsets are welcome in our development environment, particularly when they promise to be long-lasting and to make our users experiences more fluid and our other engineers lives easier. You have some of those tools in your belt, and look forward to bringing them to the team.  What we can offer:  Our energy-efficient, light-filled office is located in the vibrant heart of downtown Oakland, California. The building is a block from BART and many bus lines, has secure indoor bicycle parking and provides showering and changing rooms. We offer outstanding candidates a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package, including a generous retirement plan, medical, dental and vision insurance, other pre-tax contribution plans and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).  Interested?   Please apply for this position via our website at https://energy-solution.com/company/careers/ . For more information about Energy Solutions, please visit us at www.energy-solution.com . Information will be requested to perform the compulsory background check and drug screens are required. Being authorized to work in the U.S. is a precondition of employment. EOE.  About Energy Solutions:  Founded in 1995, Energy Solutions is an employee owned energy efficiency and demand management engineering, program design and implementation consulting firm. Our mission is to create large-scale environmental impacts for our clients by implementing market-based solutions and developing policies that contribute to these goals. We foster this mission by retaining a talented and committed team, providing a stimulating, healthy and participatory workplace, and emphasizing creative new approaches that maximize the value of our services. With 110+ staff, we are honored to serve a diverse range of utility, public agency, commercial and industrial clients.    START YOUR APPLICATION    © 2017 Energy Solutions    Applicant Tracking System Powered by                DevOps Lead engineer San Francisco, CA 1-2 years Long term contract Job description: Experience in DevOps using Chef, Jenkins, Rackspace and Release automation Release engineering in continuous integration / delivery environment Significant technical experience in release automation engineering Continuous Integration, build/deployment automation, automated testing & software development Heavy exp on Jenkins and cloud provisioning Exp on Rackspace and automated configuration management with Chef Experience managing environment where applications are built on hybris Exp with Java, endeca and apache Decision Making and Problem solving Ability to deep dive into issues and drive root cause analysis to successful conclusion making the product continually better Job Type: Contract      Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer, Hadoop  at LiveRamp  San Francisco, CA    LiveRamp is looking for engineers to help us maintain and scale our Hadoop infrastructure. Our technology enables customers to measure the impact of digital marketing on sales and deliver messages to consumers on virtually any channel or device.  We run a large Hadoop cluster with thousands of physical servers, with more than 60,000 CPUs and raw HDFS capacity in excess of 70 PB. We are responsible for ensuring the availability and health of a cluster used to process billions of customer records on a daily basis.  You’ll be a member of our DevOps team and while you are focused on Hadoop, you will also have the chance to work on other infrastructure-related initiatives such as kubernetes, shared libraries and build pipelines. We’re looking for serious Hadoop expertise, but we also want you to get experience with many other cool technologies.  Leave your ego at the door, roll up your sleeves and start solving huge challenges as soon as you begin.  LiveRamp Infrastructure’s Team Creed   Keep the Lights On for our existing infrastructure  Automate the provisioning and operation of secure local and hosted infrastructure platforms for LiveRamp  Collaborate with engineering teams to construct and optimize the software build pipeline  Help facilitate ownership of application infrastructure by Dev teams  Function as stewards for shared data, services, tools, processes and libraries  Reduce System Cost   A Day in the Life of a LiveRamp Senior Engineer, Hadoop:   Treat infrastructure as code leveraging tools like Github, Jenkins, Chef, and  Kubernetes  Monitor and detect issues using tools like Datadog and Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana. If a problem occurs in production enough times, engineer a solution rather than manually fix it  Follow your own muse and engineer whatever interests you in one of our four Hackweeks every year   You are an ideal candidate if you:   Have 3+ years of DevOps-like work experience and have a passion for infrastructure and helping your fellow developer  Have a startup personality and enjoy working as part of a team: smart, ethical, friendly, hard-working, and productive  Have world-class debugging skills  Have familiarity with Hadoop/HDFS/YARN architecture  Have working knowledge of software build pipelines and tools like GitHub, Jenkins, Artifactory, etc  Treat infrastructure as code. Seeking someone with at least two languages of comfort, such as Ruby, Bash, Java, Python, Perl, or Go  Working knowledge of TCP/IP, ICMP, SSH, LDAP, DNS, and other low-level network things   Benefits:   People. Work with talented, collaborative, and friendly people who love what they do.  Stock  Unlimited paid time off  Competitive Medical, dental, & vision insurance  401K Matching  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)  Commuter benefits  Catered meals & stocked kitchen  Events including games nights, happy hours, camping trips, and sporting leagues   More about us:  LiveRamp is the leader in data connectivity, helping the world’s largest brands use their data to improve customer interactions on any channel and device. We thrive on mind-bending technical challenges and value entrepreneurship, humility, and constant personal growth.  There is so much more that we want to build and that we could continue to improve. We value strong engineers who are agile enough to hit the ground running and tackle any challenges that come their way.  To all recruitment agencies: LiveRamp does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, LiveRamp employees or any other company location. LiveRamp is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.  LiveRamp is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer (AA/EOE/W/M/Vet/Disabled) and does not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, promotion or other employment of associates or the awarding of subcontracts because of a person's race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, protected veteran, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics or other protected status. Qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for the position in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job? *        Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B status)? *     --  Yes  No    Please tell us briefly about a recent project you worked on and why you are proud of it (1-3 paragraphs).         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at LiveRamp are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Applied AI Engineer  at Bonsai  (View all jobs)  Berkeley    Our Customer Success group is where the rubber meets the road. You'll work directly with our customers, AI engineers, and our product team to implement better models and research processes by applying your engineering know-how and best practices. You will collaborate closely with subject matter experts in various fields and industries: framing, posing, and translating real-world problems to build AI-powered solutions. We resolve challenging and meaningful problems and are continuously leveraging and advancing the latest advances in  AI research.  Together with a multidisciplinary team of smart people, including simulations specialists and software developers, you will learn the customer’s processes, goals, and expectations from the moment they become a customer - by listening, asking questions, and guiding the conversation.  As customers use our platform, you will enable their success by tapping and enabling champions in their teams who may spread across the world.  When not working with users, you will help our product team to identify key platform improvements or practicing for a webinar. Ultimately, your role is to help our customers improve their productivity with Bonsai’s platform.  We are looking for a curious and driven teammate, and a quick learner with attention to effective solutioning. You balance self-solving and harnessing expertise across our organization. The ideal candidate is a talented, experienced, and passionate Artificial Intelligence Engineer with a broad knowledge of machine learning techniques to help design and implement cutting edge AI solutions for our customers. This person will focus on deep learning and reinforcement learning.  RESPONSIBILITIES   Working with other Customer Success team members to solve complex, real-world problems using the Bonsai platform  Providing technical leadership in a pre-sales and post-sales capacity to support successful understanding, evaluation, design, and implementation of Bonsai  Quick Proof of Concept (POC) feature ownership for prospective customers around Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning mixed with traditional approaches  Building demos and conducting training to help data scientists effectively use the product  Understanding customer goals and helping to work through problems standing in the way  Acting as the technical liaison between the customer and Bonsai’s AI group  Other daily activities include comprehensive technical qualification, gathering product feedback, proposal development, solution demonstrations, and PoC test design, execution and troubleshooting     QUALIFICATIONS   Masters or Ph.D in a quantitative field (CS, Engineering, Physics, etc.) with demonstrated use of ML or RL techniques  Implemented ML including reinforcement learning algorithms using AI frameworks  Reinforcement Learning, Deep Learning  Hands-on work with AI frameworks (Tensorflow, Keras, Theano, Caffe, etc)  Python  Familiarity with the Linux command line and server administration  A sense of customer devotion and sense of urgency, and the art of persuasion  Great debugging, problem solving, and analytical skills  Great organizational, prioritization, and communication skills     Experience with the following are a plus:   Working in a traditional software engineering role  Being a member of or leading a sales engineering or professional services team  End-to-end project management  Docker and/or Kubernetes, or experience with modern DevOps  Simulation environments like MatLab, ComSol, or Gazebo   This position is based out of Bonsai's headquarters in Berkeley, California.  Some travel (<20%) may be expected.          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City)     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               DevOps Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Moogsoft is the creator of Moogsoft AIOps - a next generation approach to IT Operations and Analytics driven by real-time machine learning. Moogsoft AIOps helps Enterprises & Service Providers deliver consistently excellent customer experiences, regardless of the underlying complexity or dynamic nature of the supporting infrastructure. We are seeking a talented DevOps Engineering Intern to join our forward-thinking engineering team. You must be a self-motivated team player who will thrive in a dynamic, self-organizing team. We are looking for natural innovators who strive to continuously improve and learn.  Moogsoft Engineers are a tight-knit group of high-performers. We don’t believe in large teams; we opt for small, diverse groups that move fast, communicate clearly and achieve more. We try to choose the right tool for the job. Who We Are Looking For: 1+ years rock-solid coding in a several well-known languages/paradigms ( Java in particular). Strong cloud/devops fluency ( aws/azure in particula ). Strong working knowledge of Linux ( RHEL/CentOS in particular ). Proficiency in data handling ( translation and core sql fluency ). Solid understanding of key IT concepts/protocols across the OSI stack. Knowledge of data science / language processing applied theory a plus. Moogsoft Perks and Benefits: Unlimited vacation and sick day policy. Competitive salary, 401(k) plan and equity to all employee. Attractive benefits package including health and dental coverage. Fully stocked kitchen and catered meals. Opportunity for career development in a fast-paced, progressive company. Team volunteering events and off-site outings. Corporate sports teams – bring your A-game, we like to win! Game room equipped with ping pong, foosball and dart. Apply for this job Moogsoft Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at 6sense  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    Job Title: DevOps Engineer  Location: Sunnyvale or San Francisco, CA  6sense is a Predictive Intelligence Engine that is re-imagining how B2B companies do sales and marketing. We work with big data at scale and use advanced machine learning to find buyers and predict which companies will purchase from our customers, when and how much.  DevOps Engineers at 6sense are true hybrid developers and operations engineers. They are responsible for ensuring our services and infrastructure are fast, stable, and scalable. They also build out any services and tooling we need that are not already attainable via open source packages. Operational tasks such as infrastructure, build/release, and systems administration also fall within their realm of responsibilities.  The drive of our visionary CEO and the quality of our work has lead to unprecedented success of our product with customers like Cisco, Dell, Netsuite, Bluejeans, etc.  We are venture funded by the likes of Battery Ventures, Venrock, Bain and Salesforce.  Join us to enable the 6sense teams build a better predictive platform which helps companies find their next customer.    Responsibilities:    Develop and deploy services to improve the availability, ease of management, and visibility of 6sense systems.  Contribute to building and scaling out our infrastructure.  Learning and adopting new technologies that may aide in solving our challenges.   Own our systems like our Hadoop cluster, front-end/back-end services, infrastructure components like our Memcache infrastructure, and everything in between    Write and review code, develop documentation and capacity plans, and debug the production problems    Write code and build services that will be used in production      Minimum Qualifications:    1+ years of experience with Linux/Unix system administration and networking fundamentals  Experience with modern configuration management tools (e.g. Ansible, Chef, Puppet) and idempotency  Strong skills in reading code as well as writing clean, maintainable, and scalable code  Good knowledge of Python  3+ years in a Developer and/or DevOps-related role or equivalent experience  Experience building and maintaining scalable SOA infrastructure  Exposure to Docker  Knowledge of standard security practices  Experience with high-availability   Bonus Requirements:    Knowledge and understanding of Java and related tools (e.g. Maven, Dropwizard, etc)  Exposure to modern build systems such as Bazel, Buck, or Pants  Knowledge of the Hadoop ecosystem including deployment and maintenance            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job? *        Will you now or in the future require Sponsorship for employment Visa status?  (e.g., H-IB or other visa status)    --  Yes  No    I certify that the information provided on this application is true and accurate to the best of knowledge.  I understand that withholding of information or giving false information may prevent me from receiving an offer of employment, may result in a withdrawal of an employment offer, or may result in my discharge from employment if I am already employed at the time the false statement or omission is discovered. *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply      ﻿                            Search for More Jobs  Forward this job to a friend   Apply by email without Registering  Apply by creating/using  account    Sign in   Language   English   Français  Español            From:      To:     Subject:     Message:                 OK  Cancel                          Email:     Password:     Forgot your password?  Log In             Please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.   Your Email        OK          From      Subject     Resume       Browse       Browse      Browse         Message         OK  Cancel                               Previous    Sr.Devops Engineer      Next       Ref No.:  17-14687   Location:  San Francisco, California  Position Type: Contract  Start Date: 10/10/2017           Disclaimer: This web page contains privileged and confidential information intended only for use by a potential job seeker. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, you are hereby notified that you may not disseminate, copy or take any action based on the contents published here.    Sr. DevOps Engineer SFO, CA/ Pittsburgh, PA  Duration: 12+months  Description: Skills Senior Level 3+ years of relevant experience in those areas of Atlassian Tool Ansible Bamboo...etc.. They prefer Bamboo to Jenkins Even if they don't have Bamboo...please submit with Ansible and Jenkins.        Apply by creating/using  account      Disclaimer: This web page contains privileged and confidential information intended only for use by a potential job seeker. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, you are hereby notified that you may not disseminate, copy or take any action based on the contents published here.           OK                                       1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Release Manager     Job Category:   Technology - Technology Program Management     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ)     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        Release Manager Location: San Francisco, CA About the Challenge: As a Software Release Manager at Salesforce you are responsible for the continuous delivery of application releases supporting mission critical services used by the world’s largest enterprises. You leverage product management practices to define and program management practices to lead innovative initiatives focused on customer experience, scalability, continuous delivery and team development. You use agile methodologies to plan, coordinate, and lead deployments of major product releases, weekly patches, and daily changes in a SaaS environment. You are a Multiplier, and constantly look for ways to make other teams successful. You understand that the success and productivity of the hundreds of scrum teams you interact with is critical to enabling continuous change. You combine customer empathy and your passion for moving fast to deliver frequent, high quality releases that benefit our customers and partners and motivate our engineers. About the Team: Salesforce’s Release Management Team is a collaborative, fast-moving group thriving in a diverse culture of rapid delivery, [r]evolution, and innovation. Our top priority is to ensure a great customer experience as we release a constant flow of change across our products and infrastructure. Release Managers are motivated, adventurous, bold, and invested in disrupting internal process while preserving customer trust. About the Expectations: You are a bold leader who is visionary, makes data-informed decisions, takes smart risks and is effective at influencing all levels of stakeholders. You are able to communicate clearly to everyone from Executives to individual contributors. You have experience working in Agile environments. You love customers and partners. Bonus points if you are familiar with DevOps best practices and/or have experience managing B2B or B2C Cloud Application releases. You seek opportunities to be mentored and to mentor others. You have an insatiable desire to learn, and you leverage the analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills that you learned through your bachelor’s degree in CS, Business, or another interesting field to lead cross-functional teams and deliver [r]evolutionary solutions. We encourage you to be courageous and ask questions, promote new ideas, and leverage data to challenge existing assumptions. Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” five years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y      Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Release Manager position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today        Grid Dynamics Careers        Senior Java Engineer  Java Development San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    Description  <p As a key member of this team, you will be working in collaboration with worldwide industry experts. This is an excellent opportunity, as a key contributor to this project, to create the next generation of network-centric distributed and scalable architectures. Come be part of our bright engineering team with open communication, empowerment, innovation, and customer-centric culture. We work with bleeding-edge technologies, including J2EE, in-memory data grids such as Oracle Coherence, NoSQL databases such as Apache Cassandra, automated testing tools such as Fitnesse, Selenium WebDriver, built in-house Jagger performance measurement tool, Continuous Integration and Delivery, etc. Responsibilities: Participate in the design and development of high-performance business applications, from requirements analysis to production Constantly improve software quality (evaluate and incorporate new libraries, tools and technologies; code reviews; refactoring; testing; etc.) Analyze and improve application performance Search for simple and robust solutions to complex tasks Work in an Agile methodology environment where innovation, teamwork and creativity are the key for success Collaborate with a team of developers, QA engineers, analysts located in St Petersburg, Russia and San Francisco, CA Requirements: 3+ years in Software Development Education in Computer Science or similar theoretical knowledge in CS: algorithms and complexity estimation, data structures, operating systems, programming languages Excellent knowledge of Java platform (collections, concurrency, etc). Good understanding of JVM internals is a plus Experience in enterprise application development (J2EE, Spring Source, etc) is a plus Understanding of distributed architectures and scalability principles Knowledge of Linux/Unix-based operating systems (bash/ssh/ps/grep etc.) Understanding of SDLC and Agile methodologies in particular Hands-on experience with developer daily basis tools such as IDE’s, compilers, debuggers, profilers, version control systems, bug tracking systems, build systems (ANT, Maven2, etc), code coverage and automated testing tools Experience with unit and integration testing (JUnit, TestNG, Mockito, etc.) RDBMS experience (SQL, JDBC). Understanding of ORM frameworks internals is a plus Desire and ability to quickly learn new tools and technologies Ability to proactively identify and solve engineering problems Good interpersonal communication skills, both verbal and written What We Offer Opportunity to work on bleeding-edge projects Work with a highly motivated and dedicated team Competitive salary Flexible schedule Medical insurance Benefits program Social package - medical insurance, sports Corporate social events Professional development opportunities About us : Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors. We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season. Founded in 2006 and headquartered in Menlo Park, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, scalable omni-channel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement.      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite             Skip to main content  Skip to Footer                   Click the menu icon to display the main navigation.      Type anywhere at any time to use our smart search tool.            Search  Type to search           SIGN IN       MENU               STRATEGY  CONSULTING  DIGITAL  TECHNOLOGY  OPERATIONS  INDUSTRIES  TRENDING NOW  CAREERS    About Accenture  Corporate Citizenship  Inclusion and Diversity  Investor Relations  Leadership  Newsroom              Consulting Home   Technology Consulting           Digital Home   Accenture Analytics   Accenture Interactive   Accenture Mobility           Technology Home   Accenture Labs   Application Services   Artificial Intelligence   Cloud       Microsoft   Oracle   SAP   Delivery           Operations Home   As a Service   Business Process Services   Journey to Cloud           Automotive and Industrial   Banking   Capital Markets   Chemicals   Communications and Media   Consumer Goods and Services   Energy   Health   High Tech       Insurance   Life Sciences   Natural Resources   Public Service   Retail   Software and Platforms   Travel   Utilities           Artificial Intelligence   Blockchain   Cloud   Future Workforce   Internet of Things   Security           Careers Home   Accenture Strategy   Accenture Consulting   Accenture Digital   Accenture Technology   Accenture Operations   Accenture Security   Corporate Functions       Culture and values   Training and development   The employee experience   Students and Graduates   Experienced hire   Search and apply   US Workforce Demographics         Scroll  Swipe                        Print                 Job Listing                      ﻿  {"countries":[{"CountryName":"Brazil","Locale":"pt-BR","Language":"pt-BR","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-en","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-zh","Language":"zh-CN","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"France","Locale":"fr-fr","Language":"fr-fr","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Germany","Locale":"de-de","Language":"de","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Italy","Locale":"it-it","Language":"it","SiteCode":"10140"},{"CountryName":"Japan","Locale":"jp-ja","Language":"ja","SiteCode":"10001"},{"CountryName":"Spain","Locale":"es-es","Language":"es","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"United Kingdom","Locale":"gb-en","Language":"en-GB","SiteCode":"10003"},{"CountryName":"USA","Locale":"us-enTaleo","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10003"}]}        Full-Stack Javascript Developer Specialist    Job Location:  CA - San Francisco    Regional Description:  West    Job Number:  00488532  00488532_en    APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB               -  Job description    Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world.  The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance.  Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  People in our Client Delivery & Operations career track drive delivery and capability excellence through the design, development and/or delivery of a solution, service, capability or offering. They grow into delivery-focused roles, and can progress within their current role, laterally or upward.  Liquid Studios will be located in various cities where Accenture has a high concentration of clients who need software developers they can work with face-to-face, using Agile methods of delivery.  This studio is based in Redwood City, CA ( Silicon Valley area.)    Liquid Studio residents and client guests collaborate on development of “new IT” solutions using liquid software development techniques, beginning with rapid prototyping and construction of business applications, and applying the latest in design thinking and Agile approaches to interactively assemble adaptive applications from modular, proven components. Teams will work in small groups of up to 10 software engineers.    Liquid Studios will also be able to take advantage of global centers of innovation (such as Silicon Valley) to attract talent and creative energy from the ecosystem, creating an osmotic effect for experimentation using new tools and approaches and fostering an environment where new styles of working are combined with real-world challenges of building applications for the digital era.    Liquid Studio teams will also be able to tap into the power of Accenture’s broader ecosystem partnerships, Global Delivery Network and Accenture Digital capabilities. We have more than a decade of experience in Agile and DevOps along with Accenture tools and assets that can be leveraged to enable continuous liquid delivery.      +  Basic qualifications     Basic Qualifications:   Minimum 2 years of Modern Web Architectures design including Single Page Applications and client/API architecture  Minimum 2 years of application design and development including Responsive Web Applications with deep expertise in one of the following technologies – Backbone.js, AngularJS, and React  Minimum 2 years of experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as git, GitHub, Jira, Phabricator, Jenkins, or equivalents  Minimum 2 years of Experience with agile development (SCRUM, Kanban, etc.) and/or Test Automation (behavior, unit, integration testing with tools like cucumber, mocha, or wslite*    Preferred Qualifications:    Minimum 1 years of API development, preferably using Node.js  Minimum 3 years of experience in JavaScript  Minimum 1 years of experience with testing using TDD or BDD with 1 or more testing frameworks (e.g. Mocha/Chai, Jasmine)  Minimum 1years of experience in any of the following languages or technologies: Java, Groovy, Ruby, PHP, or Python •,Installation, configuration and development including work within a production environment  Experience with Responsive Design frameworks, preferably with Twitter Bootstrap or Zurb Foundation  Experience in developing high performing client-side applications  Knowledge of: CSS/CSS3  Knowledge of what works in specific browsers.Responsive CSS (Mobile First, Bootstrap),Semantic HTML and HTML5,JS based languages such as Coffeescript and Typescript  Candidates who are currently on assignment as part of the Global Careers program are not eligible for consideration.    Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).    Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.    Accenture is a federal contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.    Equal Employment Opportunity.  All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.    Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.      APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB                   Consent and Acknowledgement - Personal Data (by choosing 'I Accept' you agree to all the terms and conditions.)     Select a language:   Chinese  Dutch  English  English (United Kingdom)  French  French (France)  German  Italian  Japanese  Polish  Potuguese (Brazil)  Spanish     Accenture Recruitment and Hiring Privacy Statement    If you use Accenture’s online career resources, we collect personal data that you submit to the website and use it for recruiting-related purposes. We may also use Cookies and other tracking technology and the same technologies we use for Marketing (including Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Databases , Targeted E-mail & Combining and Analyzing Personal Data ) to provide individuals with a personalized online experience, to send relevant information about careers and opportunities at Accenture, and to analyze the effectiveness of our recruitment efforts and resources. More information about how your data will be used by Accenture during the recruitment process can be found below, or at the Careers website.    Introduction / who is collecting your personal data?    When you apply for a job at Accenture, Accenture will collect and use personal data about you during the recruiting and any hiring process. As described in this Privacy Statement, your personal data may be retained and used by Accenture for the purpose of considering your qualifications for employment, as required by law, or as otherwise described below. Please see below for information that Accenture may receive about you from third parties.    “Accenture” means the specific Accenture affiliates, subsidiaries, and contracted service providers who will collect, use, and maintain your personal data in connection with your application for employment, our Recruiting, Talent Management processes, and any hiring process if you are extended an offer of employment. A full list of Accenture entities by country and their contact information appears at the bottom of this Privacy Statement, as well as a list of contracted service providers who perform IT support or background checking services.    What Personal Data will Accenture collect?    The types of information requested from you and the manner in which that information is collected and accessed are determined by the requirements of the country in which the position is located, and not the country in which you reside. While, specific data requirements vary by country and the position being filled, the following categories of data will generally be collected by Accenture:   Data you submit in résumés / CVs, letters, writing samples, or other written materials;  Data generated by interviewers and recruiters, based on their interactions with you or basic Internet searches;  Data provided by third-party placement firms, recruiters, or job-search websites, where applicable;  Recommendations provided on your behalf by others;  Data about your prior employment, education, and where applicable, credit history, criminal records or other data revealed during background screenings;  Data about your health or disability where it is relevant to your ability or availability to work or to a workplace accommodation, subject to legal limits on the timing of collection of such data and other applicable limitations.  Data about race / ethnicity / religion / disability / gender and self-identified LGBT status, for purposes of government reporting where required, as well as to understand the diversity characteristics of the Accenture workforce.   Your submission of personal data constitutes your consent to our use of your data and your verification that it is accurate.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the foregoing and consent to the uses of your information as set out above. You are not required to provide any requested information to Accenture, but failing to do so may result in not being able to continue your candidacy for the job for which you have applied.    You may read this Statement at any time by logging into the system with your user name and password.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that all representations made by you are true and correct to the best of your knowledge and belief, and you have not knowingly omitted any related information of an adverse nature. Providing any inaccurate information may make you ineligible for employment.      What will Accenture do with your personal data?    Accenture will use your personal data to:   Assess your suitability for employment for the role for which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available;  Perform administrative functions (e.g. reimburse you for interview-related expenses);  Perform analysis of our applicant pool in order to better understand who is applying to positions at Accenture and how to attract top talent;  In some cases, record your online interview for review by additional recruiters and hiring managers. In such cases, we will seek your express consent to be recorded;  If you register at the “New? Get Started” section of our page, we will enter you into a database to receive future mailings about Accenture positions and events;  Transfer your contact information (only) to the Accenture Talent Connection—a site that we maintain to notify you about new positions that may be of interest to you. Your contact information will be used by the Accenture Talent Connection to send you one invitation to sign up for future position alerts and invitations to Accenture recruiting events, as well as one follow-up reminder. If you do not respond to these messages your contact information will be retained by the Accenture Talent Connection only for the purpose of ensuring that we do not contact you again. If you join the Accenture Talent Connection you will have future opportunities to opt-out of receiving messages and alerts if you choose. Note that the Accenture Talent Connection is a separate and distinct service from registering at our website under the “New? Get Started” section; and  Perform any legally-required reporting, and respond to legal process.   From what sources will Accenture obtain your personal data?    Accenture may obtain data about you from the following sources:   From you, when you submit resumes or other information online;  From conversations with recruiters and interviews with hiring managers and other Accenture personnel or representatives, some of which may be recorded (with your express knowledge and consent) as well as from Internet searches that these individuals may perform, or data that they may obtain from job search or professional networking websites (e.g. monster.com, LinkedIn, etc.) where you may have made data about yourself publicly available;  From third-party recruiters, staffing companies, or websites where you are introduced to Accenture through one. Accenture does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies, but does sometimes use such agencies subject to a written agreement. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through the Careers website or via email to any Accenture employee) and without a written agreement or otherwise will be deemed to be provided for Accenture’s use, and no fee will be paid should the candidate be hired by Accenture; and  From background checks, as applicable. Where permitted by law, Accenture may contract with a third party to perform a pre-employment background screening. The content of background check information varies by country to comply with local requirements, but may include information gathered from publicly available sources, your former employers or colleagues, schools you have attended, credit reporting agencies, and criminal records databases. These types of information will only be collected with your prior consent, and you will receive more information about the nature of such a background check before it begins. Where required by applicable local law, you may be asked to provide certain background check information, (which may include sensitive data) directly to Accenture.   Who will have access to your personal data? Where are they located?    In general, access to your personal data will be restricted to minimize the number of people in Accenture’s global organization who need it in order evaluate your application for employment, perform functions supporting our Recruiting and Talent Management functions, or to whom we are compelled to provide it by applicable law.    Where your personal data is transferred to a country other than the one in which you reside, be advised that such countries may not have the same legal protections for personal data as your home country. Accenture will, however, follow its internal global privacy policy in such cases.    The following categories of individuals will have access to your personal data:   Recruiters working with the country where the position you are applying for is based. Such individuals may be based in a different country;  Hiring managers and other interviewers. Often these individuals will be based in the country where the position is based, but in some cases they may be located in other countries;  The global Accenture Talent Management and Talent Connection teams, consisting of a limited number of individuals based in several countries;  Individuals performing administrative and IT support functions;  Authorized personnel at our service providers, including:  Oracle, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Acquisition System;  Avature, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Connection;  HireVue, a company that hosts a virtual interview tool used to record interviews where live interviews are not possible.  Companies contracted to perform background screenings, where applicable. These companies may be based in another country, and may obtain data from other countries where you have lived, worked or studied, as may be relevant as part of a background check. You will receive more information about any such check before it begins;    Government officials where legal reporting requirements may exist, or law enforcement agencies or private litigants in response to valid law enforcement process (warrant, subpoena, or court order); and  A successor to Accenture in the event that it sells or divests all or part of its business.   How long will Accenture retain my personal data?    If you are given and accept an offer of employment by Accenture, personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your Accenture personnel records, to be retained throughout and for a period after your employment with Accenture (specific periods vary by country). If Accenture does not employ you, Accenture may nevertheless continue to retain and use personal data collected during the recruitment process in order to consider you for new positions, and, if appropriate, to refer back to an earlier application if you submit a resume or other information to Accenture again in the future, as well as for system administration, to perform research and analysis, and to invite you to join the Accenture Talent Connection.      How Accenture protects your personal data.    Accenture employs organizational, technical, and physical security measures in order to protect your data from loss or misuse. Where we contract with third-party suppliers to provide services that may enable them to access your personal data we require them by contract to have similar security controls in place.      How to obtain a copy of Accenture’s internal Privacy Policy, request access to your personal data or contact us with questions or feedback.    If you have a question, comment, or complaint, wish to obtain a copy of Accenture’s Global Policy 0090—Data Privacy, or wish to access a copy of your personal data or to correct it if you believe it is inaccurate, you may Contact Us by clicking the link. Each Accenture country has established a Data Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with local privacy requirements; you may also use the Contact Us form to contact the Accenture Data Privacy Officer for your country or to obtain more information about how your data will be used in your country.    For job seekers from Malaysia:    The Malaysian Data Protection Act 2010 (“Act”) requires Accenture to provide you this privacy statement in both Bahasa Malaysia and English. For the Bahasa Malaysia version please click here.    For job seekers from other countries:    This privacy statement is also available in the following languages:   Bahasa Malaysia  Brazilian Portuguese  Chinese  Dutch  French (European)  French (Canadian)  German  Italian  Japanese  Spanish  Polish   List of Accenture entities and their contact information:  https://www.accenture.com/us-en/office-directory                               Job Openings in USA Change Location                Latest jobs    SUGGESTED JOBS      Jobs based on searches similar to yours:      Data Visualization Senior Analyst  OH - Columbus      SAP HANA Analytics Consultant - Midwest Region  Multiple Locations        Contracts Specialist - Team Lead  TX - Austin      More Jobs            Go Back     Select Country       Afghanistan    Albania    Algeria    American Samoa    Andorra    Angola    Anguilla    Antarctica    Antigua And Barbuda    Argentina    Armenia    Aruba    Australia    Austria    Azerbaijan    Bahamas    Bahrain    Bangladesh    Barbados    Belarus    Belgium    Belize    Benin    Bermuda    Bhutan    Bolivia    Bosnia And Herzegovina    Botswana    Bouvet Island    Brazil    British Indian Ocean Territory    Brunei Darussalam    Bulgaria    Burkina Faso    Burundi    Cambodia    Cameroon    Canada    Cape Verde    Cayman Islands    Central African Republic    Chad    Chile    China    Christmas Island    Cocos (Keeling) Islands    Colombia    Comoros    Congo    Congo (Rep)    Cook Islands    Costa Rica    Cote D'Ivoire    Croatia    Cuba    Cyprus    Czech Republic    Denmark    Djibouti    Dominica    Dominican Republic    East Timor    Ecuador    Egypt    El Salvador    Equatorial Guinea    Eritrea    Estonia    Ethiopia    Falkland Islands    Faroe Islands    Fiji    Finland    France    France Metropolitan    French Guiana    French Polynesia    French Southern Territories    Gabon    Gambia    Georgia    Germany    Ghana    Gibraltar    Greece    Greenland    Grenada    Guadeloupe    Guam    Guatemala    Guinea    Guinea - Bissau    Guyana    Haiti    Heard And Mc Donald Islands    Honduras    Hong Kong    Hungary    Iceland    India    Indonesia    Iran    Iraq    Ireland    Israel    Italy    Jamaica    Japan    Jordan    Kazakhstan    Kenya    Kiribati    Kuwait    Kyrgyzstan    Lao People's Republic    Latvia    Lebanon    Lesotho    Liberia    Libyan Arab Jamahiriya    Liechtenstein    Lithuania    Luxembourg    Macau    Macedonia    Madagascar    Malawi    Malaysia    Maldives    Mali    Malta    Marshall Islands    Martinique    Mauritania    Mauritius    Mayotte    Mexico    Micronesia    Moldova    Monaco    Mongolia    Montenegro    Montserrat    Morocco    Mozambique    Myanmar    Namibia    Nauru    Nepal    Netherlands    Netherlands Antilles    New Caledonia    New Zealand    Nicaragua    Niger    Nigeria    Niue    Norfolk Island    North Korea (People's Republic Of Korea)    Northern Mariana Islands    Norway    Oman    Other    Pakistan    Palau    Panama    Papua New Guinea    Paraguay    Peru    Philippines    Pitcairn    Poland    Portugal    Puerto Rico    Qatar    Reunion Island    Romania    Russia    Rwanda    Saint Kitts And Nevis    Saint Lucia    Saint Vincent And The Grenadines    Samoa    San Marino    Sao Tome And Principe    Saudi Arabia    Senegal    Serbia    Seychelles    Sierra Leone    Singapore    Slovak Republic    Slovenia    Solomon Islands    Somalia    South Africa    South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands    Spain    South Korea    Sri Lanka    St Helena    St Pierre and Miquelon    Sudan    Suriname    Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands    Swaziland    Sweden    Switzerland    Syrian Arab Republic    Taiwan    Tajikistan    Tanzania    Thailand    Togo    Tokelau    Tonga Islands    Trinidad And Tobago    Tunisia    Turkey    Turkmenistan    Turks And Caicos Islands    Tuvalu    Uganda    Ukraine    United Arab Emirates    United Kingdom    United States Minor Outlying Islands    Uruguay    USA    Uzbekistan    Vanuatu    Vatican City State    Venezuela    Vietnam    Virgin Islands (British)    Virgin Islands (U.S.)    Western Sahara    Yemen    Zaire    Zambia    Zimbabwe      No country selected.    Select City / State       Select a country first.      No city or state selected.    Submit                              Events  Find out more about careers and life at Accenture by attending our virtual or live events. Check out events in your area.  Launch Calendar          Find a job  Start your search here: Enter job title, skill, experience level or city        Find                Stay in touch  Join the Accenture Talent Connection, follow our Careers blog, or sign up for job alerts.   MORE                           Contact Us    Find a Location      Careers    About Accenture    Privacy Policy    Cookie Policy    Terms of Use    Accessibility Statement    Labor Condition Applications    Global Meritocracy    Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local          This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.                Contact Us       Find a Location                   Careers  About Accenture  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Accessibility Statement  Labor Condition Applications  Global Meritocracy  Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local       This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.               This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     ×            Select your location                                                     No results found  We were unable to find a match for "$searchstring." Try searching again by using different or more general keywords and check for spelling errors.                                               Stay In The Know   Receive e-mails from Accenture featuring new content that matches your interests.  Visit the subscription center to make your selections and subscribe to New from Accenture.     SIGN UP                RECOMMENDED CONTENT    FILTER RESULTS       FILTER RESULTS                              Connect with our Talent Community  Personalize your Accenture Career search and receive tailored news, insights and job alerts. Join our Talent Connection to learn more about the challenging and rewarding career opportunities offered by Accenture.   Register      Already applied to a job?  If you have applied for a position in a location other than India, Philippines, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and would like to access your existing job application, please click here .              Sign in with e-mail and password   Validation summary   Invalid username / password       Or sign in with LinkedIn            Sign in with
                        LinkedIn                        There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                 There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                Are you sure you want to disconnect with 
account?   Yes  Cancel                    Software Engineering Intern (Jan - March '18) San Francisco, CA Engineering Intern Apply for this job BuildZoom is fixing the trillion-dollar construction industry by providing people with the information they need to make great decisions and tools needed to simplify and de-risk the process from start-to-finish. As a software engineering intern with BuildZoom, you'll play an incredibly important role by building technology across the full stack to transform an offline process fraught with confusion and complexity into one that is transparent and simple. Our technologies include: Ruby, Rails, Python, AngularJS, MySQL, Postgres, Elasticsearch, Redshift, AWS, Linux You’ll Work on data engineering or web development projects, depending on your interest Build elegant solutions to the workflow challenges associated with home-remodeling projects Brainstorm and implement creative ways to visualize hundreds of millions of complex data points Overcome the challenges associated competing priorities: beautiful aesthetic, UX, page performance and SEO Deploy new features daily and iterate on improvements Receive constructive code reviews Awesome things about this position: As an intern in a team of 10 engineers, you get to wear many hats.  In addition to application development, we could use help with everything ranging from devops to machine-learning to map-making. As a core member of a small team, we expect you to understand the business and participate in strategy discussions with the product management team. Your features get used by millions of people.  The feedback loop is short.  You can tell, quantitatively, if your favorite feature is well received. Apply for this job BuildZoom Home Page Jobs powered by     Coresystems is a privately held field service software company helping mid- and large enterprises manage field services. Our solution brings together the right data at the right moment to delight customers and drive business results - all delivered in the cloud to any mobile device with artificial intelligence in real-time. We’re transforming field service with cutting edge technology to help companies create perfect service moments and delight customers.  Our young and innovative company is looking for a    Senior DevOps Engineer      THE ROLE  As Senior DevOps Engineer you are responsible for installing new software releases and system upgrades, evaluating and installing patches and resolving software related problems. Additionally you will perform system backups and recoveries. You will work in a young and motivated team and be responsible for guiding our junior systems administrators. With your solid experience and know-how you will be part in planning and accomplishing our goals. We are looking forward to your personal "Core Moments"!    CURIOUS ABOUT THE DAY-TO-DAY?  Set up and installation, operation, maintenance and configuration of different systems Troubleshoot and test for all systems support and advice for other team members Enforcement of IS security standards as directed, to include user and privileged accounts Recommendation of hardware and software requirements Writing of automation scripts and other scripts needed Evaluation and installation of software including patches and upgrades Responsible for preventive maintenance    CURIOUS IF YOU ARE FIT?  Bachelor’s degree in a technical field Solid professional experience At least 4 years’ experience in administration of Linux operating system (Debian or Ubuntu distributions prefered) Excellent knowledge of TCP/IP Networking Significant knowledge in database technologies (Postgresql and SQL), installing maintaining and troubleshooting on operation system level Advanced skills in system automation tools Knowledge in writing, troubleshooting and improving puppet modules as well as lib functions and facters Expert skills in bash scripting, ruby scripting is big advantage Knowledge of java application servers and web servers, knowledge of Tomcat, Apache httpd and Nginx is big advantage Experience with HA technologies - HaProxy knowledge is big advantage Solid knowledge of the HTTP protocol and RESTful APIs Experience with Node.js based applications Skills in Docker and Kubernetes (or similar) are a big plus Experience in Cloud technologies - Amazon Cloud knowledge is big advantage Ability to multi-task and work in a deadline driven environment Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Ability to quickly assess problems and find workable solutions Skilled to synthesize information, distill relevant facts and reach logical conclusions Fluency in English, German is a plus   JOIN US, BECAUSE  We are an enthusiastic, cool company and we like to have fun – during working hours and outside them We really engage ourselves in developing our products and take pride in delivering results Stretching yourself to achieve challenging goals is satisfying to us In our open culture, we welcome other opinions and enjoy discussing solutions The flexible and dynamic working environment gives us a lot of freedom and enables us to perform at a high level Our skills and know-how are up-to-date thanks to the yearly training courses we attend. We also offer the opportunity to travel to our other locations for know-how sharing We support mobile communication (iPhone / Android bought for you) and mobility costs Unpaid leave is an extra cool benefits This opportunity is based in San Francisco, CA and is restricted to candidates legally able to work in the United States. Relocation assistance is not available.    CONTACT Hanna Bergner HR & Recruiting Specialist    Have we piqued your interest? We look forward to receiving your online application .   » back to job market          Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Airware  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Airware Cloud team is looking for an engineer who will be responsible for building, expanding and maintaining our Cloud platform infrastructure, and for enabling the rest of the engineering team to develop high quality code efficiently. You will work with our Kubernetes cluster on AWS, set up monitoring and alerting and help geo-distribute data across the globe. Our ideal candidate stays up to date with latest technologies and leverages tools to automate as much of infrastructure management as possible.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities   Increase developer efficiency by building feature environments  Improve our infrastructure with the latest Kubernetes features  Set up new geo-distributed clusters with centralized control  Build monitoring tooling for issues in our Kubernetes cluster  Automate platform infrastructure management     Necessary Skills and Experience   Experience in professional software development  Understanding of Kubernetes concepts  Experience Terraform  Familiarity with Docker, Python, Golang and databases such as PostgreSQL  Good grasp of continuous integration and deployment  Ability to manage and maintain a platform     How to Apply and What to Expect:  In addition to a resume, please include a short explanation of your background, accomplishments (links to past projects are always helpful), and what excites you about Airware. This will help us to get a multi-dimensional view of who you are and connect you with the right person at Airware.  Be prepared to have a detailed technical discussion with a member of our team over the phone or via video chat.    About Airware:  Airware provides secure and scalable solutions that enable enterprises to digitize their business and turn aerial data into actionable business intelligence. World-class enterprises look to Airware to improve productivity, operational efficiency, and worker safety. Airware has raised more than $90 million to date from leading venture capital investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers, and Next World Capital, with strategic investments from enterprise customers and partners including Caterpillar Ventures, GE Ventures, Google Ventures, and Intel Capital. Airware’s Americas headquarters are located in San Francisco, CA and EMEA headquarters in Paris, France. For more information, go to Airware.com or follow Airware on Twitter: @Airware .          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Do you require visa sponsorship? Due to the Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the company is unable at this time to sponsor work visas for individuals from certain countries designated in the EAR.       Please indicate all countries for which you hold citizenship. Due to the Department of Commerce's Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the company is prohibited from hiring employees who hold citizenships from certain countries designated in the EAR.                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Senior DevOps Engineer San Francisco Software – Infrastructure Engineering Full-time Apply for this job The Software Infrastructure team is responsible for developing and delivering secure, scalable, highly-available services that power all Jawbone Health technology. In addition to supporting millions of user devices streaming data into our systems in real time, we also run massive-scale expert systems used to deliver Jawbone Health's unique insight system and power the machine learning and big data analytics used to develop Jawbone’s next generation of algorithms and devices. Responsibilities: Identify projects required to improve availability and reduce operational expense. Design and implement systems to safely enable Jawbone’s continued data growth without incurring incremental operational overhead or loss of availability. Design and implement highly available services to reduce complexity in legacy systems and enable fault isolation and improved reliability. Design and implement adjustments to the overall network and system infrastructure of Jawbone’s cloud services to improve security, flexibility and availability of the overall system. Diagnose and resolve performance issues in complex systems to ensure reliable user-facing performance of the overall Jawbone system. Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation, responsible for the stable and reliable operation of all Jawbone cloud services. Perform postmortem analysis in response to operational incidents, analyzing system telemetry to drive continual improvement. Participate and contribute in architectural discussions, reviews, improvements and future projects Increase automation and environment agnostic infrastructure while keeping an eye on new tools and techniques when possible Required Skills BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Experience operating a complex highly available system Experience with high volume services Experience with distributed systems Experience with Docker and related services (Compose, Swarm, Engine) Strong understanding of configuration management: Puppet, Salt Stack, Ansible Experience with environment agnostic, transportable applications and infrastructure Experience with complex deployments and data structures. Preferred Skills Experience with AWS and traditional Data Centers. Experience with Python or Ruby Experience with modern monitoring systems and techniques, especially Sensu Experience with large scale data systems Experience with compliance and encryption Why Jawbone Health? Jawbone Health is at the forefront of revolutionizing primary care for millions of patients worldwide. Combining more than 20 years of proprietary wearable technology with clinically relevant signals, Jawbone Health connects patients and physicians like never before with continuous, data-driven dialogue. This unique position of daily directed guidance stands to redefine primary care, while helping people live happier, healthier and longer. We’re looking for smart, passionate people who care about exacting design to help users achieve their health goals. Because of our size and focus, everyone shares real impact on the decisions we make. We’re striving to create a different kind of company—one where people are the priority and the future is the focus. Apply for this job Jawbone Health Home Page Jobs powered by    Lending Club  Utilities      Personal Loans    Business Loans    Patient Solutions    Investing    How It Works    About Us       Sign in    Help    Personal Loans    Business Loans    Patient Solutions    Investing    How It Works    View Full Site              Sr DevOps Infrastructure Engineer    Location:  San Francisco, CA (Headquarters)    Category:  All Technology    Req ID:  R0000444     Description  About Us  Lending Club (NYSE: LC) opened in 2007 with one simple mission: create a more efficient, transparent and customer-friendly alternative to the traditional banking system that offers creditworthy borrowers lower interest rates and investors better returns. Today, we’re the world’s largest online credit marketplace, and we’re radically changing the way lending operates - $1 billion at a time. We’re proud of the recognition we’ve received, including being named one of Forbes’ America’s Most Promising Companies three years in a row, a 2012 World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, and one of The World’s 10 Most Innovative Companies in Finance by Fast Company in 2013. We're conveniently located in downtown San Francisco, California.  The Role  As a DevOps Engineer you will take ownership for automating and managing the full lifecycle of Lending Club’s core systems. You will have a strong desire to understand how things work and think about how they could work better. You will be part of a core team that has a high degree of autonomy and you have the ability to impact the way that financial service products are delivered to consumers and institutions.  Responsibilities   Work closely with product and engineering to make sure our systems are robust and easy to manage  Integrate a variety of SaaS and On-Prem monitoring and systems management tools to build a system that excels at solving our needs  Monitor site availability and reliability on a daily basis  Define and implement improvements to systems and processes  Design and implement new infrastructure with an eye toward stability and security  Participate in on-call rotation   Requirements   Experience in Linux Administration  Proficiency in at least one scripting language - we use Bash, Python, and Groovy  Burning desire to automate anything and everything that can possibly be automated  You have an understanding of Internet protocols and the ability to debug them.  An understanding of infrastructure, from networking to load balancing to storage.  Deep understanding of one or more Cloud/IaaS, PaaS systems (e.g., AWS, Azure, OpenStack, Heroku, etc.)  A grasp of complex, enterprise-level architectures  You are a team player     Why Join Us?   We offer all the important stuff like competitive salary, RSUs, 401K matching, 100% paid medical and dental, and because we've been around longer we also have stuff like great food, game rooms (including an arcade!), and a super convenient location in downtown SF. More importantly, we're the clear market leader, which gives us awesome momentum. As Forbes put it, "While not often thought of as a 'sharing economy' company, given the massive size of the financial industry, Lending Club could end up being one of the most disruptive- and largest-companies in this sector." We think one of our own employees put it best: "Many companies talk about reshaping an industry, but Lending Club is one of the few that is actually achieving this lofty goal. Growth comes in monthly leaps that just seem to keep accelerating, leading to ever-larger opportunities. There is an intriguing focus on how to get more efficient and do bigger things. Working here is definitely a chance to be a part of something special."    We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.    #LI-MF1                     Are you a returning applicant?              Previous Applicants:    Email:     Password:      If you do not remember your password click here .     Back to Search Results    New Search             FOLLOW US:           71 Stevenson Street, Suite 300  San Francisco , CA  94105 , USA         Home  About Us  Careers      Privacy  Affiliates  Risks  Developers  Agreements  Prospectus  Terms of Use  SEC Filings  Statistics       © Copyright 2006-2014. All rights reserved. Equal Housing Lender       Roostify Site Reliability Engineer Engineering San Francisco As a Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) you will be primarily responsible for ensuring that Roostify continues to meet its SLA obligations. You will work across software development and DevOps teams to accomplish your goals at a software and infrastructure level. Like most other modern tech companies, Roostify has obligations around the delivery of its product and needs to continue to improve this while adding new features to the software. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, write and build tools to improve the reliability, latency, availability and scalability of Roostify’s products Enable scaling by providing tools, developing training and/or augmenting processes Work to build reports of SLA metrics for Roostify to share with their clients Engage the product and project management teams to ensure that reliability and scalability are built in from the ground up Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems for reliability incidents REQUIREMENTS : 4+ years experience in either DevOps or Software Development Practical knowledge of scripting languages such as Ruby, Python, Perl Practical knowledge of configuration languages such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible Practical knowledge of statistics Ability to show an analytical mindset Clear written and oral communication skills This is a San Francisco based position. Only on-site employees will be considered. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms       Apply Now  Senior Software Engineer - Platforms  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    Platform Engineering is building a Twilio for Twilio. Our mission is to provide every engineer at Twilio with the DevOps APIs and tools that they need to successfully build fast, reliable and quality products.  Engineering in Platform means understanding the demands of Twilio's entire R&D team; engineering our services beyond the scaling and performance challenges we face; driving Twilio to new heights of scale.  We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join us as we develop a new suite of products that will help Twilio engineers measure and improve the availability and performance of their products.  Responsibilities:  * Full stack development of platform tools and web services  * Write unit and functional tests in a continuous delivery environment  * Manage highly critical platform services and vendor applications in the cloud  * Own reliability for the team's services and participate in a weekly on-call rotation  * Be agile and ship features and fixes to Production weekly (often faster!)  * Build applications that elevate Twilio's operational maturity  Requirements:  * 8+ years of experience developing high-available web applications or distributed systems in Python or Java  * Experience developing RESTful services  * Proficient with at least one Python/Java/Javascript, web frameworks like Flask, Django, React  * Hands-on experience with SQL/NoSQL databases and caches  * Experience developing products on AWS or Google Cloud  * Be persistent and creative to unite engineers across boundaries to solve problems  Extra Credit:  * Experience developing incident management tools  * Experience developing DevOps solutions  About us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice, and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 800 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Malmö, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.   Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile URL       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       Linden Lab Careers        Systems Engineer - Data  Technology Operations San Francisco,
                            United States    Apply    Description   Linden Lab is the creator and steward of the world’s largest, most successful, completely user-generated virtual worlds.  Managing our own virtual economy, virtual currency exchange, and virtual goods platforms, we have some of the most interesting data and analytical challenges that exist in business today.  We were pioneers in large scale, real-time data processing, and we are now building the analytics infrastructure for Sansar, the recently-launched premier next-generation VR experience platform. What you’ll do: Take a hands-on engineering leadership role for a small team of dedicated data engineers and analysts designing and building our next-generation analytics platforms Work with numerous product, engineering, and devops teams on a daily basis Participate in daily standups, code reviews, design discussions Munge data that touches every corner of the business and product What you need: 3-5 years of experience in data-focused infrastructure development Experience building systems for both structured and unstructured data Expert-level Debian Linux skills AWS infrastructure development experience (EC2, ECS, Docker, RDS, S3) Python, SQL Version control systems Bachelor’s degree in a technical field or equivalent experience Demonstrated project leadership and/or direct management experience Bonus Points: Kafka Airflow Java, Lua GCP (APIs, GCS, PubSub, BigQuery, Dataflow, Stackdriver) Fluentd / Ruby InfluxDB / Grafana      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite                 All jobs → SDR (Sales Development Representative)   SDR (Sales Development Representative)  San Francisco, California, United States   Description Tigera’s Mission & Vision Tigera provides Zero Trust Application Connectivity solutions for Enterprises adopting Cloud Native Application architectures. We believe in a future where developers create high performance, secure, cloud-native applications using micro-services, containers and orchestration tools without having to think about application connectivity, networking and security. And operations teams achieve effortless control, security and visibility, in alignment with developers to enable rapid deployment of new services. The first step towards this vision of the future is to drive the broadest possible adoption of a truly cloud-native approach to application connectivity, networking and network security, which we believe dictates an open-source-first strategy, with packaged enterprise solutions built on open source. Hence our initial focus on open source Project Calico and related open technologies including Kubernetes. SDR (Sales Development Representative) - Job Description Ready for a ground floor opportunity to make a substantial impact with a disruptive tech company while building your Sales career? Tigera has an amazing product, a brilliant team and the financial backing of NEA Ventures and Wing Ventures. If you have limitless drive and like to win, we want to talk to you. As a Tigera SDR you will have an opportunity to help drive the growth of an exciting company. Your mission is to reach the developers and SREs who are building the next generation of applications and managing cutting edge infrastructure. The successful candidate will demonstrate a strong track record in Sales Development and excellence in execution. Experience in working for a software company that builds products for Dev & IT teams is required. What you will do  Qualify leads through initial phone and email contact  Manage, nurture and grow a pipeline of interested prospects  Articulate Tigera’s value proposition to software architects and Devops Engineers and uncover problems that need to be solved  Identify prospective leads through creative research methods  Partner with sales executives to strategize your approach  Research accounts, identify key players, generate interest and develop accounts to drive opportunity  Respond to inbound interest and qualify fit for Tigera’s solution through discovery calls  Work with Product and Marketing teams to convey feedback on prospect requirements and demand gen strategies  Manage, track, and report on all activities and results using Salesforce  Provide additional sales team support on an ad hoc/as needed basis  Requirements About you  1-2 years of Sales experience as an SDR in a software company that targets developers or DevOps teams  Start-up experience desirable  Strong phone and email presence and high comfort level speaking to engineers and technical people  Basic knowledge of Micro-Services, Containers & DevOps  Strong written and verbal communication skills  Consistent overachievement in past experiences  A great attitude (persistent & resilient) and love for teamwork  A self-starter that thrives on solving challenges  An insatiable level of curiosity and a constant learner  BA/BS degree  Benefits Sound like an opportunity where you would thrive and grow? More importantly, could this be the right next step in reaching your career goals? Reach out to us at www.tigera.io. Tigera is an early-stage startup, well funded by top-tier VCs. We offer a competitive compensation package along with full health, vision and dental benefits. We believe in a collaborative, flexible work environment based on respect for, and commitment from, every employee. These benefits, coupled with an amazing team of individuals who believe in our mission and value openness, collaboration and teamwork, make Tigera an awesome place to work.   Apply for this job             Tigera, Inc
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.  Tigera, Inc website  Powered by Workable    Senior Software Engineer - VOD San Francisco, CA Broadcaster Success – Video on Demand Full-time Apply for this job Twitch has over 100 million users, and the VOD team is responsible for building a new experience that helps Twitch users watch recorded video. We’re building a number of features to make Twitch the most compelling destination for gaming recorded video this year. Recently, we launched VOD upload, Clips and our HTML5 Video Player , and we’re just getting started. We’re looking for product engineers that love delighting people with incredible products and user experiences. On the VOD team, you’ll work closely with our other engineering and product teams to craft engaging consumer products, collect feedback, and iterate quickly . We value expertise in programming for the Web, microservices and Devops on AWS.  If you are also comfortable with JS and crafting beautiful interfaces, even better! We are working on building unique VOD watching experiences that are uniquely Twitch.  We aspire to change the way people consume and interact with video. Responsibilities Brainstorm with designers and product managers to design new features Develop APIs that will power these features for both internal and external customers Implement experiments and collect data with our data scientists to drive subsequent iterations on these features Identify and uphold engineering best practices Help our support team triage bugs, respond to user feedback, and fix production issues Participate in code and design reviews, teaching and learning from other engineers Requirements Experience leading engineering teams and setting technical direction 4+ years of experience building consumer-facing web applications at scale Experience working in a service-oriented or microservice architecture Proficient coder in one or more of the following: Go, Python, Ruby, C, C++, Java, Scala Strong organizational and communication skills Bonus Points Proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and related web technologies Have some experience with React and Ember Hands on experience building services using Amazon Web Services Avid user of Twitch or passion for video games Perks Full benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life 401(k) savings plan with a company match Catered daily lunch and dinners (and hearty breakfasts three times a week) Unlimited snacks and drinks Monthly in-office massages Corporate gym membership Commuter benefits Flexible time off policy Weekly happy hours and opportunity to attend one gaming event or tournament Top of the line technology to help you build your own workspace About Twitch Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at http://twitch.tv . We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records . #LI-MD1 Apply for this job Twitch Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Sr. Manager, DevOps  at Anki  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    About Us:  We bring objects to life through Robotics and Artificial Intelligence, allowing people to build relationships with technology that feel a little more human.  At Anki, we create robots that move you.  With multiple hit entertainment products, including Anki Overdrive and Cozmo, we are now making a big push to scale our robotics platform into broader consumer markets.  To date, we have closed over $200M in investments from top-tier investors such as Andreessen Horowitz and JP Morgan Chase and are once again growing our talented DevOps team.  We’re building exciting robots with personality - that’s why we need you. You’ll get to work for a company where fun is hard-wired into our products and our culture. And you’ll help one of the most forward-thinking robotics companies out there break new ground, every day.  Find us on Facebook and YouTube to find out more about Anki.  Description:  We are looking for a Sr. Manager to help grow DevOps at Anki. As a Sr. Manager, you will take a hands-on approach with responsibilities across development & operations of our modern AWS stack, team planning & SLAs, staffing, and roadmaps.   You’ll provide DevOps leadership to our AWS focused cloud, currently using the Amazon ecosystem of services, ansible for end-to-end automation & CI/CD, docker and go, small-service architecture, and excellent third party components including Splunk, Wavefront, Airflow, Okta, TeamCity.  In the future, you’ll collaborate with Anki’s engineering leaders to influence, shape and define Anki’s current and future DevOps team and operations. You will also be responsible for hiring and management of the team, and working with leadership to define future hiring needs.   We are a Platform Services team focused on developing highly scalable, well tested, and automated platform and services for Anki's products and company needs. We are responsible for everything from core platform, shared services, data platforms, and bleeding edge AI services.   DevOps at Anki is deeply integrated engineering team with a focus on enabling the underlying AWS platform, developing new service architectures, creating security capabilities, and defining and maintaining product-appropriate SLAs.  Responsibilities:   Leveraging your demonstrated expertise for SLA delivery, define and set aggressive goals for system performance, uptime and growth metrics.  Deliver, improve, and reinforce a culture of accountability, excellence, and collaboration.  Develop automated tooling to manage highly scalable AWS-based microservices.  Explore and implement new technologies for cloud platforms, data platforms, and security.  Communicate and collaborate cross-functionally with your team, developers, product owners, domain experts and Anki’s executive team.  Manage reliability and growth of our systems, service updates, systems maintenance and validation.  Run and manage our backend APIs and cloud infrastructure.   Must-Have Qualifications :   Excellent track record of managing and leading high SLA delivering engineering team(s).  3+ years of DevOps or Operations Management with hands-on leadership experience specifically in an Amazon AWS environment.  Growing, leading and managing team of 5+ engineers.  Demonstrated command of DevOps/Operations and technical processes, artifacts and tools.  Experience with continuous builds & deployments as well as continuous integration, log collection and analysis, and performance monitoring/tuning, and security.  Able to define and articulate big-picture goals and milestones while maintaining strong attention to detail to both technical and non-technical audiences.  Excellent judgment, analytical thinking and problem-solving skills.  Comfortable in reviewing code as well as writing programs needed in fully-automated devops environments.  Strong professional experience programming in Python or a similar language.   Benefits:   Competitive salaries, stock options and great benefits (health, subsidized public transportation costs, generous vacation)  Great San Francisco office with lots of light and great views, convenient to every mode of mass transit – on wheels, on rails and on water  Agile startup environment where you’ll help shape the culture and have a huge impact  Free catered lunches, snacks and drinks  You get to work on innovative products and challenging problems with some amazingly talented (and fun) people!   Company Highlights:   Top tier investors such as Andreessen Horowitz, Index Ventures, JPMorgan Investment, and Two Sigma Ventures.  Experts in the industry: Co-Founded by 3 Carnegie Mellon PhDs in robotics and machine learning. Huge leap over competitors in terms of product development and domain knowledge.  Huge market potential: Conglomerate of applications in the Robotics and Artificial Intelligence space.  Record revenue growth over the last three years.  Headquartered in San Francisco with over 200 employees and plans to scale.                Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                        About Us    About GuruLink   Who We Are  What We Do  Careers  Partnerships  Search Site     How To Reach Us   Contact Us  Feedback                 Candidates    For Candidates   Search Jobs  Refer a Guru  Register  Test Your Skills  How We Help  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions     How To Reach Us   Contact Us  Feedback                 Employers    For Employers   Recruitment Services  Recruitment Software  Register  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions     How To Reach Us    Contact Us  Feedback                 Resources     For Candidates   Career Development  Immigration      For Employers   Employer Resources  News And Research           Login    Member Login Area  Please enter your email address and password below to login to the Guru system.    Email  Password   Login                    GuruLink helps you stand out from the crowd.           Home Candidates Job Search Job Site Reliability Engineer       Add This               Refer a Guru and Win $500  To apply for this job you must first either login or register     Site Reliability Engineer  San Francisco,California
            -Permanent   Job Description  Our client is transforming everyday lives by seeking and solving seemingly impossible problems. They are an online and the only grocery delivery service that delivers in less than an hour. They are using a cutting-edge technology and a simple solution to help both customers and retailers. We are currently on the lookout for a Site Reliability Engineer to join their team. They are currently looking for an experienced engineer to join their small and quick infrastructure team. They are currently working in Python and their infrastructure runs on AWS. Some of your responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: -Being part of a small but strong team, you will have a large amount of ownership and responsibility -Owning the security and availability of critical infrastructure components -Creating tools for software engineers, data scientists, and data analysts to easily run their production services  Special Perks:  -Talented and collaborative team who will continue to push and support you -Market Competitive salary, equity, options -401K -Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits -16-week Maternity, 8 Week Paternity  Must Have Skills:  -2+ years as a Site Reliability Engineer and/or DevOps Engineer -Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent work experience -Strong coding ability -Strong understanding of how to manage servers, primarily with Linux -Experience with AWS, including EC2 -Experience with configuration management, such as Ansible and/or SaltStack -Strong sense of ownership, self-motivated  Nice to Have Skills:  -Ability to analyze data with SQL -Experience with Ruby or Javascript -Experience with web frameworks -Experience with PostgreSQL, Redis, and/or ElasticSearch  Details: Starting: ASAP       Refer a Guru and Win $500  To apply for this job you must first either login or register                Search Jobs  Refer a Guru  Register  Test Your Skills  How We Help  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions      Search Jobs        Search                                     More Information   Browse Job Postings  Give Us Feedback  Site Map  Contact Us       Latest Tweets   Tweets by @GuruLink       Testimonials            © 2017 All rights reserved GuruLink Inc.  | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy                     Senior Software Engineer Engineering San Francisco, CA Role At A Glance We are seeking an exceptional senior engineer to add to our Engineering Team. You are sharp, results-oriented, knowledgeable, ambitious, and determined, taking pride and ownership in everything you build. You will have broad and deep knowledge of software development technologies and practices, and will lead teams to deliver large product features to market. You will be a mentor and guru for our other engineers, and a key technology thought leader within our organization. Our Stack: Plastiq operates a Continuous Delivery Model using GitHub and Jenkins. On the frontend, we use Angular. On the back-end servicing the front-end, we use PHP and MySQL, which sits in front of our own Payments Processing Platform built in Java. About You 8+ years professional software development experience 3+ years software architecture experience 2+ years team leadership experience You are an expert in JavaScript, PHP and Java/Spring You are an expert with relational databases (MySQL) and with NoSQL stores like MongoDB You have strong DevOps skills with Vagrant, Apache, MySQL, AWS, Heroku You have a proven ability to lead teams, mentor and advise engineers, manage sprints, and deliver robust software You are comfortable working with existing code and refactoring You live Test Driven Development You have a willingness to take risks and move fast – done is better than perfect! You have a strong understanding of REST API design You learn quickly, you’re adaptable and versatile. Your Responsibilities Own development and delivery for large features Define software architecture and design, select technologies Define and manage work breakdown and execution of large product features and projects Hands-on development of code, complete with automated tests, that is scalable and maintainable Train and mentor other Engineers Do QA: engineers own the quality of their code! Do DevOps: engineers deploy and maintain production code! Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . TermsExplore Amazon Jobs Home Review application status Amazon culture & benefits Locations Teams Job categories Help English Čeština Deutsch English English, British Español (Europeo) Français Italiano 日本語 Polski Português, Brasil 简体中文 Senior Solutions Architect - Healthcare Life Sciences Job ID: 537236 | Amazon Web Services, Inc. Apply now DESCRIPTION Do you like helping customers implement innovative cloud computing solutions and solve technical problems? Would you like to do this using the latest cloud computing technologies? Do you have a knack for helping groups understand application architectures and integration approaches, and the consultative and leadership skills to launch a project on a trajectory to success? Are you familiar with security best practices for applications, servers, and networks? Do you want to be part of the business development team helping to establish Amazon Web Services (AWS) as a leading technology platform? Would you like to be part of a sales group, but have your opinion valued as a technical resource as part of planning and strategies? Amazon Web Services is looking for a highly motivated Solutions Architect to help accelerate our growing business as part of the World Wide Public Sector practice. This is an excellent opportunity to join Amazon’s world class technical teams, working with some of the best and brightest engineers and technical managers while also developing your skills and furthering your career within one of the most innovative and progressive technology companies anywhere. As a Solutions Architect within AWS, you will have the opportunity to help shape and deliver on a strategy to build broad use of Amazon's utility computing web services (e.g., Amazon Lambda, Amazon S3, Amazon EC2, and Amazon CloudFront) directly with our ecosystem of systems integrators, consulting and technology partners. Your broad responsibilities will include: owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects; defining implementation architectures, responding to RFPs, developing a deep expertise in the AWS technologies as well as broad know-how around how applications and services are constructed using the AWS platform; and being a subject matter expert on security as it relates to customer applications and services. As a Solutions Architect on our team, you will provide exceptional technical design and thought leadership while working with a world class sales and business development team. You will lead efforts to capture and share best-practice knowledge with the AWS solution architect community. You will gain the opportunity to learn from, collaborate with, and educate some of the brightest technical minds in the industry today across the breadth of enterprise architecture. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS · Minimum of 10 years enterprise IT application experience that includes at least 2 years of hands-on software development, DevOps engineering, or systems architecture · 5+ years design/implementation/consulting experience with distributed applications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineer, Math or related field or equivalend experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS · Intermediate/advanced knowledge of the AWS services, market segments, customer base and industry verticals · Prior experience in a technical role within a sales organization · Understanding of application, server, and network security · Experience working for or working with educational institutions · Experience working for a venture-funded technology startup company · Demonstrated experience leading or developing high quality, enterprise scale software products using a structured system development lifecycle Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. ** For more information on AWS, please visit http://aws.amazon.com ** aws-solarch-na Job details San Francisco Bay Area, CA San Francisco, California Solutions Architects Solutions Architect Share this job Important FAQs for current Government employees Before proceeding, please review the following FAQs https://amazon.jobs/en/faqs#faqs-for-us-government-employees JOIN US ON Find Careers Job Categories Teams Locations Military recruiting Fulfillment center jobs Working At Amazon Culture Benefits Pioneer stories Diversity at Amazon Our leadership principles Help FAQ How to apply Review application status Disability accommodations EU Data policy Give us Feedback Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. Privacy and Data Impressum © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.                 ?  Home Search openings Search results Current page Job details      Job details  Job 1 of 1    Submit to job  Send to friend  Save to cart      Req Number   48129BR    Job Title   Senior SysOps Administrator    Job Code and Payroll Title   0520 Systems Administrator IV    Location   Mission Bay    Department Name   Center for Digital Health Innovation    Work Days   Monday - Friday, 8:00 am - 5:00 pm    Shift   Days    Shift Length   8 Hours    Job Summary   JOB OVERVIEW The Senior SysOps Administrator is responsible for supporting the computing infrastructure co-creating and maintaining Center for Digital Health Innovation’s (CDHI’s) AWS cloud computing infrastructure.  S/he applies advanced Amazon Web Services systems (AWS) infrastructure concepts and CDHI objectives to resolve highly complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. The Administrator selects methods, techniques and evaluation criteria to obtain results. Gives presentations to associated team and other technical units. Evaluates new technologies including performing moderate to complex cost / benefit analyses. May lead a team of systems / infrastructure professionals.  CENTER FOR DIGITAL HEALTH INNOVATION UCSF Center for Digital Health Innovation (CDHI) partners with leading researchers at UCSF to advance scientific innovation. CDHI is currently building a cloud based, deep learning platform that will uncover new insights from structured and unstructured clinical data and utilize those insights to impact productivity and health outcomes at the front-line of care delivery. A primary goal for UCSF as an institution is to validate and get benefits from computing architectures that enable it to advance precision medicine and develop new knowledge and new knowledge networks. CDHI works to advance this goal by engaging in partnerships with large industry players such as Intel, GE Healthcare, and Cisco in order to ultimately allow clinicians and investigators to access algorithms, tools, and apps developed on the new deep learning platform.  ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.  *LI-AH1    Required Qualifications   • Bachelor's degree in related area and / or equivalent experience / training • AWS Certified SysOps Administrator – Associate • 5-10 years of experience defining and deploying monitoring, metrics, and logging systems on AWS • 5-10 years of experience identifying appropriate use of AWS operational best practices • 5-10 years of experience estimating AWS usage costs and identifying operational cost control mechanisms • 5-10 years of experience on deploying, managing, and operating scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems on AWS • 5-10 years of experience migrating an existing on-premises application to AWS • 5-10 years of experience implementing and controlling the flow of data to and from AWS • Advanced knowledge of computer security best practices and policies including demonstrated experience securing most complex server-based software • Knowledge on selecting the appropriate AWS service based on compute, data, or security requirements • Knowledge of administering machine/deep learning platforms such as Hadoop, EMR, Spark, and GPU (e.g. TensorFlow) • Demonstrated advanced knowledge, skills and abilities associated with system problem identification and resolution. Experience with design, configuration, operation, repair, and tuning of technology systems • Advanced experience writing and editing the most complex scripts used to perform system maintenance and administration • Knowledge of the design, development and application of technology and systems to meet business needs • General knowledge of other areas of IT. Thorough understanding of and experience with systems-related issues and actions that can be taken to improve or correct performance • Demonstrated skills associated with adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs. Demonstrated comprehensive understanding of how system management actions affect other systems, system users and dependent / related functions • Basic knowledge of how to apply technologies and systems to meet business needs • Ability to elicit and communicate technical and non-technical information in a clear and concise manner • Ability to write technical documentation in a clear and concise manner • Understanding of system performance monitoring and actions that can be taken to improve or correct performance • Ability to understand, implement, and automate security controls, governance processes, and compliance validation • Ability to design, manage, and maintain tools to automate operational processes • Self-motivated and works independently and as part of a team. Demonstrates problem-solving skills. Able to learn effectively and meet deadlines  Note: Fingerprinting and background check required.    Preferred Qualifications   • AWS Certified DevOps Engineer • AWS Certified Big Data Specialty • Two to three years of experience leading a team of IT professionals • Knowledge of how to implement and manage continuous delivery systems and methodologies on AWS • Ability to implement core AWS Big Data services according to basic architectural best practices    License/Certification   • AWS Certified SysOps Administrator – Associate    Position Type   Full Time    Percentage   100%    Equal Employment Opportunity   The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.     Submit to job  Send to friend  Save to cart             Backend Engineer San Francisco Product & Engineering Full-time Apply for this job DataFox is looking for a software engineer who can take initiative and think creatively to solve complex data problems. In this role, you will build our data infrastructure and web services to empower our data collection specialists, our data labs team, and ultimately, our customers. You’ll work closely with our data science engineers and data operations to extend DataFox’s leadership in generating accurate company data and proprietary growth insights. You’ll have exposure to new technologies and technical skills, mentorship from best-in-class engineers across platform, API, data science, and front end teams, and legitimate production NLP and ML. Responsibilities Build our Data Infrastructure and tools to support our teams of data specialists, our data labs engineers, and our network of APIs that power DataFox’s Intelligent Data solutions. Expand our software suite of services (both backend and frontend) that our teams of data auditors use. Contribute to our new framework for running batch augmentation processes. Work closely with our Data Labs team to power more NLP and machine learning in our data processes. Lead the creation of ETLs to collect, store, and normalize both structured data (e.g. government forms) and unstructured data (e.g. company websites). Build logic to extract and classify key company data from those websites. Work closely with PMs and UX engineers to develop APIs that support our many customer facing applications Must-Have Skills and Experience BS and/or MS in Computer Science. In some cases, a combination of a deep technical background (e.g. Physics), excellence at a coding bootcamp, and 2-5 years of software engineering experience will work well too. Willingness to roll up your sleeves and get things done. Willingness to take risks – done well is better than perfect. Ability to write clean, scalable code (and a passion for it). Eagerness to learn new programming languages and technologies. Experience with Node.js or MongoDB would be helpful. Superb attention to detail. Ability take on hard technical challenges: crawling, machine learning, automated data cleaning, etc. DevOps experience is a plus. Working at DataFox We have a beautiful office in downtown San Francisco. Lunch is on us every day. We work with some of the brightest teammates and customers in the world, including hundreds of the top of finance and technology companies relying on our data for investment, sales, and marketing. Our team culture is super important; it’s important to be able to work from our office in San Francisco. You can read more about our team culture here and our engineering culture here . While everyone talks about artificial intelligence, at DataFox, you will gain constant exposure to actually legitimate production Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning that flows all the way through to our end users. We care about building a team of high-performers, covering each other’s backs, constantly learning, and delighting our customers by solving hard problems. Company insights abound here. If you are interested in businesses and their role in the economy, the world of private equity, or the future of data-driven sales, then you just might love DataFox. If you’re looking to not only see how a quickly growing technology company (DataFox) brings its services to market, but also to see how the rest of the business ecosystem works, then this is the opportunity for you. About DataFox DataFox helps industry-leading businesses connect the dots to find their best-fit accounts. DataFox's machine learning and natural language processing algorithms structure data on millions of businesses and deliver reliable insights into the workflows where they're needed. DataFox is backed by Goldman Sachs, Green Visor, Google Ventures, and Slack, and used by high-growth startups and Fortune 500 companies alike (e.g. UPS, Visa, Twilio, and InsightSquared). For more information, visit www.datafox.com Apply for this job DataFox Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Senior Software Engineer  at Narvar  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA     Who We Are  Narvar offers an enterprise SaaS platform that helps leading brands and retailers build lifelong relationships with their customers beyond the “buy” button. More than 300 leading retailers worldwide–including Anthropologie, Bonobos, Nordstrom, and Sephora – use Narvar's shipment, tracking, returns, and analytics products to transform their customers' post-purchase experiences.    Responsibilities   Work with Product Managers, Designers and Customer Success teams to design, develop, test and implement Narvar's cloud solutions using an iterative and agile development methodology. We push code to production several times a week  Provide DevOps support for our cloud operations  Provide engineering support for customer issues and general problem solving  Design and perform unit and integration testing  Research and adopt new technologies and open source implementations  Write requirements and design specifications  Experience as a Tech Lead or mentoring engineers is a plus   Qualifications   BS/MS in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent  8+ years of software development experience.  Experience building high performance, scalable, highly available and reliable SaaS/cloud applications using Java and frameworks like Spring  Experience with implementing applications on Amazon AWS.  Experience building RESTful web services, integration with Web services like AWS, Twilio  Experience with NoSQL databases - DynamoDB, Cassandra, Redis  Experience with Postgres or Mysql databases - schema design, optimization, query analysis, database administration, very large data volumes  Knowledge of JVM performance optimization, Garbage Collection  Knowledge of some scripting language – Python, Shell scripts  Networking concepts, network security, and application security is desirable  Experience building enterprise business applications  Experience with CI, deploying, maintaining and troubleshooting applications on Linux platforms   What we offer   Competitive salary  Free, daily catered lunches  Commuter benefits  Company outings  Casual dress code  Open vacation policy  Get in on the ground floor of a huge opportunity          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Site Reliability Engineer  at Kiva.org  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    We’re searching for an empathetic, aware, communicative, and thoughtful person to join our Technical Operations team as our Site Reliability Engineer (Read DevOps). The Technical Operations team architects, builds, and manages the systems on which Kiva runs, and is looking for a new member. In this position, you will share responsibility for maintaining the uptime and dependability that help us improve the lives of people around the world. You will also enable the greater engineering team to be more agile and responsive with tools for quicker iteration and testing using the latest and greatest technologies.  Our engineering team is a diverse, talented, committed crew dedicating our skills to ending poverty and connecting people through microfinance. We work hard and love what we do, but also keep fairly standard hours and do our best to make sure everyone takes down time.  We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those with alternative identities, backgrounds, and experiences. Our engineering team includes women, men, mothers, fathers, the self-taught, the college-educated, and people of a wide variety of races, nationalities, ages, and socio-economic backgrounds.  Kiva (kiva.org) is a mission-driven technology company. We run a global marketplace platform for crowd-funded micro-loans that serves the impoverished and financially excluded. Our company combines the culture and technological passion of an internet start-up with the compassion and empathy of a non-profit to address poverty at global scale. We aim to drive social impact and enable opportunity while providing a borrower-to-lender connection: “Loans that change lives.” In just 10 years, we have raised $850 million in loan capital for nearly 2 million borrowers in over 85 countries. Our lenders fund over $10 million in loans every month. Kiva is poised to take its initial success to a whole new level - targeting $1 billion in 2017 and continuing our expansion into new areas such as local lending in the US, student loans, water, and clean energy.  Required Skills and Experience:   Empathy, awareness, and thoughtfulness.  5+ years working with Linux systems in a production environment.  History designing and managing systems in Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, etc.)  Proficiency in at least one scripting or programming language.  Designing, implementing and managing Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Bamboo, etc.  Experience designing secure, redundant TCP/IP networks.  Skilled at managing and monitoring MySQL systems.  Deep knowledge of, experience with, and commitment to, security on all levels.  A passion for documentation both for team use and for end-users; you should be able to create clear, concise, complete documentation. Strong English language skills are required.   Preferred Additional Skills and Experience:   A sense of humor.  Container related technologies like Docker.  Network monitoring expertise; collecting data from systems, creating appropriate alert criteria, and using both open source and proprietary tools for measuring, monitoring, and improving system performance.  Experience with Cisco hardware/networking.  Puppet and other automation and orchestration tools.  PHP, JavaScript, bash, python.  HAProxy.   A diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is an integral part of Kiva's culture.  We actively welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a great place to work. Join us and help us achieve our mission!         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        How did you hear about this job? *         Kiva website    LinkedIn    Facebook    Twiiter    Job Board    Glassdoor    Current Kiva Fellow/Staff/Intern    Former Kiva Fellow/Staff/Intern    Job Fair/Conference    Other     What would you consider a good beginning course of action for investigating a site outage? *        In bash/shell, how might you parse a web server access log to gather the timestamps at which non-200 responses occurred? *        How might you determine the reason a host is unreachable? *        What are your salary expectations? *        Do you have work authorization that allows you to work for any employer in the U.S. without visa sponsorship? *     --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Kiva.org are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                              // Tcat  // Brand  Main menu Products Anypoint Platform Mule Runtime Engine Design Center Flow designer API designer Studio MUnit Connector DevKit Management Center API Manager Analytics Runtime Manager Access Management Connectors Exchange API Portal Platform services Fabric Virtual Private Cloud Enterprise Security CloudHub Anypoint MQ Hybrid Cloud Solutions By initiative eCommerce Legacy system modernization Mobile Omnichannel SaaS integration By integration Microsoft Salesforce SAP ServiceNow By technology B2B / EDI Data integration DevOps ESB Microservices By industry Financial services Government Healthcare Insurance Retail Services Support Consulting Training Support login Resources Customers Webinars Videos Analyst reports eBooks Whitepapers Infographics Blog Articles Enterprise integration API resources SaaS best practices SaaS integration resources Hybrid integration SOA resources Developers Tutorials Online workshops Community Meetups Forums Champions Contributed content Jobs Dev blog Documentation Issue tracker Partners Partner program SI/VAR Technology Training Connector developers Embedded Become a partner Partner login Find a partner Company About What we do Why MuleSoft Careers Leadership Investors Awards Events News Contact Search form  Search    Try now     MuleSoft careers  See all open positions  Browse Careers home Life at MuleSoft Global offices Interviewing University recruiting See all jobs   Senior Security DevOps Engineer  San Francisco About the Position: MuleSoft is looking for a Sr. Security DevOps Engineer that will work side-by-side with Cloud Operations to ensure the trusted operation of the MuleSoft Cloud Environment.  The right candidate will be responsible for developing and implementing security solutions in concert with Operations, Product and Engineering.  An ideal candidate is a creative self-starter that can work autonomously to develop creative solutions to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of all MuleSoft environments. The perfect candidate will design, develop, and implement secure automation practices in a unified secure framework to support cloud infrastructure at scale.  With a background as an operations expert, and the  hands-on ability to demonstrate how security can be an enabler in infrastructure functionality, scalability, performance and reliability. This person should have a burning desire to secure infrastructure and applications at scale.  They should have the ability to seamlessly interweave compliance controls and security frameworks into the fabric of our Infrastructure.  Furthermore, a keen understanding of agile software delivery methods, and the ability to invisibly “build-in” the security measures required to support a continuous delivery model. Position Deliverables: Automate everything, to minimize manual work, and meet security and compliance objectives in all aspects of the secure cloud ecosystem. Partner with DevOps and Engineering teams to integrate security controls into continuous integration and delivery processes….baking security into the infrastructure. Align with DevOps and Engineering to build sustainable security processes across a global multi-cloud production network. Work with Development and Operations teams to ensure proper key management and encryption are used according to security best practices. Provide best practices for securing systems hosted in public clouds, especially AWS. Support compliance programs, including SSAE 16, PCI-DSS, FEDRAMP HIPAA, and ISO. Identify, build and maintain a broad range of solutions to protect MuleSoft’s cloud services and enterprise networks, supporting: threat management, identity, and access management. Expert in automated configuration management (Puppet, Chef, Salt, Ansible...etc.). Help architect, build and deploy secure infrastructure and security solutions in support of Cloud Operations – including standards for hosts, firewalls, load balancers and all parts of the infrastructure. About You: You should love the challenge of making systems and processes both secure and easy to use. Have a track record for embedding security into the fabric of an organization and infrastructure. A strategic thinker who can translate vision into tactical execution. Strong decision making and project management skills. Innate ability to effectively prioritize work in a highly dynamic work environment. Experience with operational monitoring tools. High personal credibility and integrity; and natural ability to influence and persuade others through collaboration. Demonstrated expertise with security, audit, and protection tools. Exemplary track record in developing security standards for cloud & virtual infrastructure, host, network and other devices. Amazing ability to create scalable security solutions in a fast-paced production environment. Track record of leading other technical teams to create solutions greater than the sum of its parts A proactive nature to make data-driven decisions and manage complex initiatives from conception to deployment. Anticipate threats and address security incidents across any and all MuleSoft environments. About Our Benefits: Competitive medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family 401(k) and pre-tax health care, dependent care and commuter benefits (FSA) “No policy” vacation policy Commute up the peninsula on the MuleSoft shuttle Gym discounts and on-site yoga classes Mac or PC Fully stocked kitchen, regular catered lunches, weekly happy hours, family nights Annual, all-company weeklong MeetUp trip for collaboration, learning and inspiration About Us Our mission is to help organizations change and innovate faster by making it easy to connect the world’s applications, data, and devices. MuleSoft's Anypoint Platform is at the heart of the applications and services you use every day, like Spotify and Salesforce, from Global 500 corporations to emerging companies in approximately 60 countries. Hiring the best and brightest people is our number one priority—our people define our culture and our future. We’re committed to providing an equal opportunity workplace where everyone is supported and inspired to fulfill our mission and build a successful company together. One of the fastest growing software companies, now with 18 global offices, we’ve been named the #1 Top Workplace in the Bay Area and a best place to work five years in a row—but we’ve barely scratched the surface. We need fiercely determined people to help us take on this challenge. Join the team! To all recruitment agencies: MuleSoft does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to MuleSoft employees or to any other company location. MuleSoft is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the company. MuleSoft provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. MuleSoft complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. MuleSoft expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of MuleSoft employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.            Refer a friend  Refer See all jobs  Related Resources The Value of APIs for Business What is REST API Design? API Development Best Practices Recommended for you Connectivity Benchmark Report The Application Network How to Design and Manage APIs Watch Now on Demand Best Practices for Microservices API Security Best Practices Anypoint Platform Overview Sign up for our newsletter     Developers Blog Terms Privacy Contact 1-415-229-2009  Deutsch 中文 English Deutsch 中文 English MuleSoft provides a widely used integration platform for connecting SaaS and enterprise applications in the cloud and on-premises. Delivered as a unified integration experience, CloudHub™ and Mule ESB™ (Enterprise Service Bus) are built on proven open source technology for fast and reliable on-premises and cloud integration without vendor lock-in.
Our solutions also include Tcat , an Apache Tomcat server for enterprises. By using MuleSoft brand materials, you agree to the MuleSoft Terms of Service, these MuleSoft branding guidelines, and all MuleSoft rules and policies, as may be updated from time to time. You also acknowledge that MuleSoft is the sole owner of MuleSoft trademarks, promise not to interfere with MuleSoft’s rights in them, and acknowledge that goodwill derived from their use accrues only to MuleSoft. MuleSoft may review use of the branding materials at any time and reserves the right to terminate or modify any use.  ©2017 MuleSoft, Inc.  Search form  Search  Main menu Products Anypoint Platform Mule Runtime Engine Design Center Flow designer API designer Studio MUnit Connector DevKit Management Center API Manager Analytics Runtime Manager Access Management Connectors Exchange API Portal Platform services Fabric Virtual Private Cloud Enterprise Security CloudHub Anypoint MQ Hybrid Cloud Solutions By initiative eCommerce Legacy system modernization Mobile Omnichannel SaaS integration By integration Microsoft Salesforce SAP ServiceNow By technology B2B / EDI Data integration DevOps ESB Microservices By industry Financial services Government Healthcare Insurance Retail Services Support Consulting Training Support login Resources Customers Webinars Videos Analyst reports eBooks Whitepapers Infographics Blog Articles Enterprise integration API resources SaaS best practices SaaS integration resources Hybrid integration SOA resources Developers Tutorials Online workshops Community Meetups Forums Champions Contributed content Jobs Dev blog Documentation Issue tracker Partners Partner program SI/VAR Technology Training Connector developers Embedded Become a partner Partner login Find a partner Company About What we do Why MuleSoft Careers Leadership Investors Awards Events News Contact  Try now  Contact                            Skip to main content                                      This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Learn more                  Microsoft Careers                  Sign in                    Account central   Apply history   Help center   Job alerts   Job watch list   Recommended jobs   Resumes                  Welcome!      If you have an existing Microsoft Careers account, sign in below. If you are new to the site, create a Microsoft Careers account by clicking on one of the following:            Microsoft    LinkedIn    Google    Facebook      Cancel            Working at Microsoft    Benefits and perks    Businesses and teams    Mission and culture    Office locations      Students and graduates    Apply    Events and webinars    Find your recruiter    International opportunities    Programs      Find a job    Students and graduates    Industry professionals      Things to do    Create a careers account    Explore recommended jobs    Locate events and webinars    Find your recruiter    Review interview tips       Working at LinkedIn                                   Sr. Software Engineer - DevOps at MileIQ          Sr. Software Engineer - DevOps at MileIQ At MileIQ, we're delivering mobile productivity tools for the modern workforce. Our solutions remove administrative hassles and give users back their time and money, freeing them to focus on the things they care about most. Our team is fast-paced with a lightweight agile process, and we ship one new release every two weeks. We are a community of competent engineers who are responsive and supportive to each other; every engineer is both an architect and the best coder. We make design decisions collaboratively and we iterate quickly. We keep alive an inherently startup-like, risk-taking culture but we also take the responsibility seriously to carry one of the world's most recognizable software brand names - Microsoft. MileIQ is looking for a Sr. Software Engineer to help build and support an agile DevOps environment to manage and scale multiple software products.    This role is responsible for building and managing various components of web infrastructure focusing on continuous integration, automated software releases, configuration management and system management in a high-availability cloud environment. Responsibilities: -Taking ownership of features that range from services provisioning on PaaS/IaaS, deployment automation/configuration, Jenkins CI, and Nodejs/Python application development. -Build and manage software delivery, systems integration, and developer support tools. -Configuration management tools (Puppet, Chef, Ansible etc) to automate systems and processes. -Support always-available cloud based software as a service (SaaS) applications and corporate web presence -Support, troubleshoot, monitor and optimize production systems. -Help streamline software development by contributing to implementation of a continuous integration process and automating manual processes. -Provides expertise regarding the integration, security and scalability of web applications. -Ensures the integration of the Web servers and all other supporting systems. -Conducts performance tuning, load testing, and optimization of information/data processing, maintenance and support of the production environment. Qualifications: -Requires 5+ years of industry experience including 2 - 3 years of experience as DevOps. -Software development background and scripting with one or more of the following languages: Ruby, Python, Perl, Javascript. -Sound technical understanding and administration of Linux distributions (eg Ubuntu, CentOS) -Experience supporting 24x7, high availability internet application environments that include web, application and database servers and load balancing systems -Working knowledge of web and application servers management and configuration (e.g. Load Balancers, Nginx, NodeJS, Python/Django) -Experience with build and deployment automation tools (e.g. Jenkins) -Experience with build automation and configuration management tools (e.g. Puppet, Chef, Ansible) -Experience with Azure Web Services and technologies is a plus. Microsoft will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.       Job #     322274  1072863       Locations    United States, San Francisco (CA)      Job families    Development (engineering)      Teams    Applications and services            Empower your future.                                 Apply  When you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. You may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match.    Select resume  The resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.      Edit this resume   Create New Resume               The resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. Please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.  Are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?       Affirmative action information    Microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. To assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. This information is solicited from all individuals applying for U.S. - based positions with Microsoft, as required by U.S. law. Completion of this section is strictly voluntary. Declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. The ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.       Gender   Male Female Decline to state     Race/ethnicity  View definitions  Close definitions           What prompted you to apply to Microsoft?                                                               To confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. You can avoid this by signing in.   Notes: Your computer must be able to play audio in WAV format. The audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. If the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.           Play audio                                Update contact information?   Some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing Microsoft Careers account. Do you want us to update your account with the latest information?            Great! Updates to your account have been saved.           You need a resume to apply    To apply for this job, you must to submit a resume.    If you already have a saved resume,  Sign in              The selected job(s) were added to your job watch list               Feedback       X              Get started    Explore recommended jobs    Search jobs    Manage job alerts    Manage resumes      Life at Microsoft    Diversity    JobsBlog    News Center    Stories    The Fire Hose    Women at Microsoft      Tips and tools    Apply history    Frequently asked questions    Help center    Interview tips    Job watch list      Connect with us                                       Legal  Privacy  Contact us  ©2017 Microsoft                           Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Whistle  San Francisco    The DevOps Engineer will be responsible for creating and maintaining the infrastructure that powers Whistle products. This person will work in our San Francisco office with Software Engineering, Data Science, and Firmware teams to codify and deploy infrastructure and also implement delivery pipelines to ensure systems stay reliable and performant.    You will:    Monitor and manage our systems using third-party services such as  New Relic, PagerDuty, DataDog, and Sentry    Strategically identify bottlenecks and vulnerabilities in our infrastructure and help define remedies and infrastructure additions    Collaborate with other DevOps and Software Engineers in our 24/7 on-call rotation    Profiles that interest us:    Autonomous, passionate individuals with experience across the stack    Experience working in high-scale environments    Knowledge of and experience working with IaaS (e.g. AWS, GCP) and PaaS (e.g. Heroku)    Belief in "Infrastructure as Code" (IaC), including experience with Hashicorp’s open source tools such as  Terraform, Consul and Packer    Strong background in sound agile software development principles    Experience running containerized workloads in production and at scale    Experience working with CI/CD tools including Bamboo or Jenkins    Exposure working on a remote team    Treats best practices for security as a requirement, not an afterthought    Contributor to open source software           Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       GitHub Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                     Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Senior Software Engineer    Delta Dental of California ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 1 week ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Senior Software Engineer    Edit     Skill: Java,RestAPI,Kafka,MicroServices,NoSQL(Mongodb    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               Java,RestAPI,Kafka, MicroServices, NoSQL(Mongodb, Cassandra),SQL          Full Time, Full - Time            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Job description We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer (Platform Engineering) with impressive technical skills and excellent communication and collaborative skills to help us build our Next Generation API Platform. Along with writing awesome code, you will be responsible for designing and building a highly scalable set of API suite that support our rich consumer facing applications. You will use industry best practices and work collaboratively with cross-functional team of product managers, architects, principal engineers, software engineers, test automation team and DevOps in an agile setup. Be part of an engineering team that builds and supports amazing customer-facing products that will drive the next generation of Delta Dental Digital Experience Description: Design, develop, test and maintain micro services to support our consumer facing applications. Write highest quality code with utmost attention to scalability, security and performance. Use TDD and participate in code-reviews with other software engineers. Job requirements: BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 5 - 7 years of experience designing and developing secure object oriented web services. Experience with all phases of software development. You have been there and done it, multiple times. You have strong experience in Java and Restful API Development. Experience with developing Micro Services highly desired. Some familiarity with exposing and securing APIs using an API Management Solution. Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases. Test Driven Development and knowledge of mocking frameworks such as EasyMock, Mockito. Some experience in at least a few of the following technologies in the below categories. The more the better: Spring Framework including, Spring Boot. Web Services: Spring, Jersey, Apache CXF, RESTEasy, Restlet Databases: Oracle, MySql, MongoDB, Cassandra etc. Distributed Cache: Redis, Coherence, Hazelcast Build & CI Tools: Maven, Jenkins, Gradle etc. Search & AI: Apache Solr, ElasticSearch, Natural Language Processing libraries (Stanford, apache). Message Brokers: Apache Kafka, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ. . Experience with Scrum, Agile Process, Unit Testing using Test Driven Development. Developing and deploying applications on AWS or private cloud. Expertise in Software Design and Architecture. Strong problem solving and communication skills. Great business acumen with a passion to solve for the customer.       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Harish Gulati  100 First St
				
				
					
						San Francisco, CA, 94105               Delta Dental of California,     Dice Id : ddpca    Position Id : 187548      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Senior Software Engineer with Delta Dental of California through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                               Apply Now  Senior Infrastructure Engineer  at Entelo  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    Entelo is transforming the way companies hire. We leverage big data and predictive analytics to make recruiting better for candidates and recruiters alike. In 2017, we were thrilled to be named one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work !  Entelo is looking to bring on a Senior DevOps Engineer to join our team. You will define, build, deploy, and evolve automation and infrastructure for supporting our development and product environments in the cloud.  You’re passionate about DevOps and the associated technologies. As our third DevOps Engineer, you will be working with world class engineering and production operations teams to scale up our environment. You’ll develop and maintain tools and practices to support the integration of our backend services. You’ll work closely with various developers in supporting new services as well as being the operations expert and development engineer that launches and maintains our services in a production environment. This is an opportunity to enhance your career in a critical role supporting our platform."    What you’ll be doing:   Plan, configure and build new infrastructure to cope with increasing user traffic and data analysis  Develop and implement new deployment strategies to cope with increasing team size and deployment frequency  Build, deliver and automate various services using industry standard CI/CD tools like Solano or Jenkins.  Research, evaluate and develop relevant automating and deploying tools and methods.  Work with developers and product teams to develop performance testing strategy and define performance/scalability metrics and scenarios.  Experience developing and deploying best practices, driving change from within.  Have an eye towards security in the work that you perform  Demonstrate knowledge of most of the following: monitoring, alerts, logging, build/deploy, service discovery, load detection, self-healing, auto-testing, cloud security.   You background:   5+ years experience working in DevOps  Extensive experience with AWS  Configuration management. (We use Chef and Terraform)  Database technologies like Postgres, MySQL, ElasticSearch, DynamoDB, etc  Solid understanding of network protocols, design and operations  Experience with containerization (Docker, Kubernetes, etc)  Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins, Solano, etc   Bonus Points:   Kubernetes  Kafka & Spark  Security / Compliance  Experience writing web apps, we use Ruby  SOC2   At Entelo, perks mean so much more than free lunches and unlimited PTO (although we provide both!). We’re committed to helping Entelopes grow; we offer opportunities for professional development and a generous learning and development stipend. Entelo is also committed to the community; we partner with impactful non-profits, volunteer regularly, and provide a charitable match. We perform at a high level while respecting our teammates lives outside of work.  We celebrate diversity and welcome all qualified applicants regardless of race, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic information or criminal history. We’ve taken the White House Equal Pay Pledge and are committed to maintaining a welcoming and equitable environment.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Please provide your Github URL       LinkedIn Profile         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Entelo are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1B candidates. Please No Consultants, Full time experience ONLY. My client a successful and well-known company that is the silent partner and driving force for the applications we use today is looking for a Senior Software Architect to join their fast-growing operation in San Fran. To tell you about the company, they are taking the world by storm. Some of the largest companies and the most popular applications are their clients and their invisible service is what keeps them and us online. This startup, less than a decade old has crushed their competition and continue to grow larger each day. They have over 2000 customers worldwide connecting over 300 million devices. Some clients of their clients include Lyft, Yahoo!, Adobe, HubSpot!, CBS, Yelp and more. In this position, you would be working with a small team, that it is looking to rapidly expand in size in the next year. As a main contributor on infrastructure, development and architecture you will have the opportunity to shape their product and freedom to help lead them to an even higher level of success. As an Architect, you would be directly responsible for championing design, design patterns, software and technologies; adopting and adapting frameworks and services used and/or needed by the current system and forward-looking roadmap. Specifically, your tech stack will include Python, C, Go, Varnish, Docker, Kubernetes, Cassandra, MongoDB, Reddis, NoSQL for caching, Cloud Formation, EC2, S3, ElasticSearch, DynamoDB, Terraform, Docker, Mesos, RDS and we are Linux based. They ae using mostly AWS but a little Google Cloud as well. The salary and benefits for this position is very competitive up to $180K depending on experience (if you are making more don’t count yourself out we will make it work). This opportunity also includes a very generous Equity package . My client believes in compensating their employees for their hard work by making sure you are appreciated not only financially but also on all levels within your career. As an employee at this company you are a key member of the team, and will have input from day 1. This company believes in elevating their employees and that’s why their engineers are so happy today =) Your workplace locale will be a clean, new office, located centrally in SoMA District. Our office provides you a trendy and accommodating environment. The office is an open floor plan giving everyone the opportunity to work together. There is a “Hackathon” space with a ping pong table and beer keg. This is also where all events take place. They enjoy hosting monthly events and meetups. What I love most about this company is their management team and culture. The CEO/ Founder has an open-door policy. Whatever is on you mind you can take it to him. They believe in career growth, learning, taking risks. If you want to jump on a second project, if you want to learn something new, this management team will support you in your decision. What sweetens the pot is your fellow colleagues will be just as friendly and just as supportive. This isn’t just a tech company, this is a family. In regards to how you start the day the team is usually in the office by 10 am. The dress code is super causal including jeans, t-shirts, something simple. You will have a fully stocked kitchen and three catered lunches buffet style each week. They have a whiteboard in the kitchen if you have a request write it down, they will make sure to buy your favorite snacks. Your benefits are all top of the line including numerous health care options up to 100% employer paid health. The companies you can choose from are Aetna, Kaiser and Blue Cross Blue Shield. The Dental insurance is under Delta and vision under VSP. They have a transportation benefit package. They offer a free gym membership to Crunch gym where most of the team goes. If you choose to go somewhere else you will receive $60 towards your gym membership each month. Each quarter the company with host a quarterly company event. What that means it’s time for some fun. They have taken rafting trips, camping trips, rented out theme parks, wen to sporting events, had cookouts and the list goes on. Not only will you love your position but you will love your team. My client is and has been profitable since inception and grows to be more successful each day. In regards to company size, it is still a pretty small team and looking to double in size over the next year. Currently there are three separate teams. The first team is the Core team that is the company’s backbone. This consists of six software architects and one DevOps. The second team does more of backend services. They have six engineers and one DevOps engineer. Our final team is the full stack team is made up of seven engineering and one DevOps engineer. Lastly, there are two engineering managers, an engineering director and the CTO. That sums up engineering. I’m sure you’re wondering about the tech stack used here. The front-end is written in Angular.JS and React.JS. The back-end is a combination of Python and C. Node distributed systems. The databases used are NoSQL Databases including Cassandra and MongoDB. They are Linux based and use AWS for majority of their cloud services, they use a little Azzure and Google cloud too. Some of the data tools include Kafka, Spark and more. DevOps is using Redis, ElasticSearch, RDS, Cloudformation, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes and Mesos. To go a little further, this engineering environment is agile. The team is doing TDD (test driven development) and they use continuous integration continuous deployment. Are you ready to be a part of a world class team making history… if so apply now =) Required Skills: Bachelors of Computer Science Degree Expert knowledge of Cloud Computing Architectures 5+ years experience designing and developing server components and APIs Strong programming and design pattern fundamentals Deep expertise with Python and/ or C Expert knowledge of networking concepts, network protocols and security Hands-on experience with: Micro service architecture Data framework and databases Messaging systems Could systems Continuous integration/ Continuous deployment Desire product ownership and a need to progress professionally Experience with massively scaling Python and C based components. Pluses: Leadership experience Entrepreneurial spirit Worked in a fast-paced organization Fast paced Startup experience The Offer: Competitive Salary: up to $180k, DOE Options Employee paid health plans (HMO or PPO) Fast Paced, long term growth Paid vacation Competitive raise structure US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1b candidates. Job Type: Full-time Job Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Cloud Computing Architectures: 5 years Micro service architecture, databases, CI/CD: 5 years﻿                            Search for More Jobs  Forward this job to a friend   Apply by email without Registering  Apply by creating/using  account         Sign in   Language   English   Français  Español            From:      To:     Subject:     Message:                 OK  Cancel                          Email:     Password:     Forgot your password?  Log In             Please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.   Your Email        OK          From      Subject     Resume       Browse       Browse      Browse         Message         OK  Cancel                               Previous    DevOps Engineer (With Chef)      Next       Ref No.:  17-09164   Location:  San Francisco, California       DevOps Engineer (With Chef)   ·         Proven ability to thrive in a fast-past development operations role - 6+ years of relevant experience ·         Ability to communicate and collaborate cross-functionally, and work well in a team-oriented environment ·         Extensive hands-on knowledge with min 2+ years of experience on creating Chef recipes and cookbooks to build CI/CD pipeline or configuration management ·         Working knowledge on Testing recipes using Test Kitchen, Berkshelf, ChefSpec, etc ·         Should have knowledge Security management using data bags and handling other environment configurations (Attributes, Roles, Environment) ·         Modular development creating Chef CI and other best practices around creating scalable chef-based automation ·         Should have worked a a Chef administrator with experience in installing and configuring Chef ·         Should have experience on working with Vagrant for local setup while testing cookbooks ·         Solid understanding of deploying and operating Linux variants in a highly-virtualized or hosted environment ·         Ability to support and extend our CM environments, tools and processes using tools such as Puppet or Chef ·         Ability to build and implement continuous integation (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) environments using tools such as Jenkins, Artifactory, SonarQube, Urban Code Deploy ·         Working knowledge with Atlassian tools Jira, Confluence, BitBucket, Crowd ·         Ability to automate using scripting languages such as Ruby, Shell Scripting, Groovy ·         Demonstrated ability to build and maintain code repositories with Git or SVN ·         Ability to document and train on CI/CD best practices to our IT & Engineering organizations ·         Experience with some of the following preferred: Vagrant, MySQL, NoSQL, SonarQube, Splunk or Graylog, Nagios or New Relic, Docker ·         Ability to troubleshooting network services and protocols such as TCP/IP, DNS, AD, LDAP, SSH, SMTP, SSL, HTTP, IIS and Apache ·         Working experience of Agile/SCRUM techniques Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field (or equivalent experience      Apply by creating/using  account               OK     Oracle Oracle Home Careers Job Search English | Français | 日本語 If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability when applying for open positions please contact us at +1.888.404.2494, Option 3. Oracle’s Affirmative Action Plan is available for review by contacting +1.888.404.2494, Option 3. Need Help? Send an e-mail and include a detailed description of the issue.  Oracle's Pre-employment Screening Process Oracle’s Pay Transparency Policy Go to the main content section. | My Account Options | Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Basic Search | Jobs Matching My Profile | My Submissions | My Job Cart | My Saved Searches | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page    -    Preferred Qualifications   Detailed Description and Job Requirements   Job :  Travel :  Location :  Other Locations :  Schedule :  Job Type :  Organization :  Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile    English | Français | 日本語 If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability when applying for open positions please contact us at +1.888.404.2494, Option 3. Oracle’s Affirmative Action Plan is available for review by contacting +1.888.404.2494, Option 3. Need Help? Send an e-mail and include a detailed description of the issue.  Oracle's Pre-employment Screening Process Oracle’s Pay Transparency Policy .  Subscribe About Oracle Careers Contact Us Site Maps Legal Notices Terms of Use Your Privacy Rights Oracle Mobile  Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Oracle RSS Feed                     Featured Jobs   Administrative/Support Jobs  Customer Service/Call Center Jobs  Executive Jobs  Finance/Accounting Jobs  Human Resources/Legal Jobs  Information Technology Jobs  Real Estate Field Services Jobs  Marketing/Communications Jobs  Real Estate Operations/Management Jobs  Sales/Account Management Jobs     Locations    Not finding a job?   Join Our Talent Community  View All Jobs           Search Our Open Positions    Search by Keyword      Search by Location              Search by Keyword      Search by Location            Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now           Email   Start         Please wait...         Share this Job                          Data Engineer  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...       Date:  Nov 8, 2017    Location:  Emeryville, CA, US    Company:  Realogy Services Group LLC         Requisition 45430   About ZapLabs LLC ZapLabs ( www.zaplabs.com ) is the innovation and technology hub for global real estate leader Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), and the driving force behind inventive technology for brokers and agents affiliated with Realogy’s world renowned real estate brands. ZapLabs delivers its highly effective consumer, sales associate and broker solutions in support of Realogy’s leading franchise brands and is positioned to expand the scope of its technology development efforts to encompass Realogy’s other business segments, including residential brokerage, relocation and settlement services. ZapLabs is headquartered in Emeryville, California.    Job Title: Data Engineer    At ZapLabs, we work to build and improve a platform that helps real estate professionals work efficiently, and helps delight home buyers and sellers with an excellent experience. We do that by combining great technology with great people – and we’re looking for a Data Engineer to join our team.    What we’re looking for:    You’re a talented, creative, and motivated data engineer who loves data - and you’re ready to work with a team of individuals who share the same passion. You’ve accumulated years of experience, and you’re excited about taking your knowledge in SQL, Java, and Scala to the next level. You enjoy challenging projects involving large data pipelines and are cool under pressure. You’re no stranger to fast-paced environments and agile development methodologies – in fact, you embrace them. With your strong analytical skills, your unwavering commitment to quality, your excellent technical skills, and your collaborative work ethic, you’ll do great things here at ZapLabs.      What you’ll do:    As a Data Engineer , you’ll be responsible for the curation and stewardship of our crown jewels data. You will be designing and maintaining processes around large volume data ingestion, clean-up, and processing that meet the needs of millions of agents, brokers, home buyers, and sellers. You’ll work with a variety of teams and individuals to understand their data pipeline needs and come up with innovative solutions. You’ll work with a team of talented engineers and collaborate with product managers and designers to investigate new data sources, monitor data quality issues, and set policies for future data collection.    Skills, accomplishments, & interests you should have :     BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline or equivalent combination of training and experience  Excellent communication skills including the ability to communicate data technologies and architectures  Experience as a Data Steward or Data Curator  Experience building and maintaining a data dictionary  Knowledge master data management best practices  Knowledge of data quality and cleansing techniques  Exposure to R, Tableau, Zeppelin, or Jupyter  Advanced SQL skills and solid Python and shell scripting skills  2+ years of Data Warehouse and ETL design and implementation  Knowledge of RDBMS, OLTP, and/or analytic columnar RDBMS including data modeling concepts (3NF vs dimensional modeling)  Experience with DevOps tools (GitHub, Jira) and methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Test Driven Development)  Excellent analytical/troubleshooting skills  Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English     Nice to haves:     Experience with Java, Scala, and Spark  Current experience with high-speed messaging frameworks and streaming (Kafka, Akka, reactive)  Current experience developing and deploying applications to public cloud (AWS)  Ability to work quickly with an eye towards writing clean code that is efficient and reusable     We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats.    EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  #LI-LY1-PRI       Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Database, Engineer, Computer Science, Real Estate, Java, Technology, Engineering, Sales      Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...           Find similar jobs:   ZapLabs Jobs,  Information Technology Jobs       ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users    Email*   Password*   Forgot Password?   Sign in   * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create        ×  Create Profile        Working...   Next »       ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »                Home  Realogy.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy     Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  Realogy endeavors to make our careers site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process due to a disability, please email realogyrecruiter@realogy.com. Please note that Realogy will respond only to requests for accommodations due to a disability.                                              Apply Now  Sales Engineer  at LightStep  SF Headquarters    At LightStep, each Sales Engineer plays an essential role in ensuring the success of our Customers and the growth of our business. We believe that the path to success for a customer begins in the sales process, when they are still a prospect exploring LightStep as a potential fit for their needs, challenges, and aspirations. Thus, our sales process is extremely consultative and the Sales Engineer works alongside our Account Executives to serve as a trusted advisor for each prospect. The Sales Engineer listens to each prospect, empathizes with their technical and operational pain points, understands how those relate to the prospect’s strategic business goals, and ultimately scopes a solution and partnership that allows us to drive success for the prospect as a new LightStep customer.    You’d be a great fit if…   You enjoy constantly challenging and expanding your technical knowledge.  You are intrigued by the marriage of technology and business and enjoy engaging on both fronts to craft the perfect balance between the two.  You display trustworthiness and build credibility quickly via empathy, clear communication, and a deep understanding of people, technology, and business.  You would enjoy interfacing with our prospects including Software Developers, DevOps teams, and Site Reliability Engineers while serving as their advocate and champion within LightStep.  You are a self-starter who flourishes in a team environment and enjoys building new processes, tools, solutions, businesses alongside other talented entrepreneurs.     Bonus points if…   You have a background in Application Performance Management (APM) or system architecture analytics.  You are familiar with any of the following: microservices, distributed tracing, proxies / service meshes (Envoy, HAProxy, Linkerd), cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure), containers (Kubernetes, Docker).  You know or are proficient in any of the following languages: Go, Java, Python, Ruby, PHP, or NodeJS.          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job? *                   Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                 Apply Now  Sr. DevOps Engineer  at Synack  (View all jobs)  HQ (Redwood City, CA), San Francisco, CA     Synack is redefining how organizations do security. We crowdsource ethical hackers from around the world and empower them with "smart" technology to create a solution for today's growing and ever-evolving cybersecurity demands. We are passionate about making the world more secure and our mission is to proactively help organizations defend against cyber attacks before they get breached. How do we do it? By building a team that isn't afraid to think outside the box or take on big challenges. Imagine the possibilities at Synack - a company that CNBC named to their elite Top Disruptor list in 2015 , again in 2016 , and yet  again in 2017 . #threepeat . Why should you join our team? We may not be a fit for everyone, but we may be for you - and, we’re just getting started...  We’re hiring Sr. DevOps Engineers for our office in San Francisco or Redwood City, CA (HQ)..  We automate everything from building laptops to deploying software to a globally distributed server footprint all using Ansible.  We also utilize container technologies like Docker to streamline development operations.  In addition, we operate a hybrid cloud model between several co-location facilities and managed cloud services such as Amazon Web Services.  You’ll take ownership of automating various aspects of our infrastructure from development to production operations.  If you want to be challenged, grow technically, and learn how to secure infrastructure against the most advanced adversaries, you’ll enjoy this role.   Here’s what you'll do:   Lead infrastructure software automation projects and partner with Product Management, Engineering and QA to define infrastructure requirements  Ensure requirements are clearly defined across our engineering team so that automation can handle necessary software support and configuration  Predict and deliver improvements to our automated infrastructure components within an Agile methodology, and also recommend and implement alternative tools and new technologies that could better solve our challenges  Tune automation to overcome systems performance issues and hiccups  Create tests around our infrastructure suite to improve reliability   Here's what you'll need:   5+ years of experience to deploy and support scalable and high availability infrastructure  5+ years of experience to support SaaS in an AWS production high-traffic environment  5+ years of scripting skills in Python or Ruby, preferably both  Experience with database technologies such as Postgress, MongoDB, ElasticSearch, Hadoop, etc.  Strong background in Linux/Unix  Experience monitoring tools such as Nagios, Ganglia, Monit, etc.  Cloud automation experience using tools such as Puppet, Ansible, etc.  Experience automating tasks with advanced scripting skills    Bonus points:    Understand security in a systems environment (What does a kernel-based rootkit look like?)  A technical degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering.  To us, DevOps is a combination of great systems engineering and software engineering  Experience with side projects where you’ve learned to apply new technologies, frameworks or programming languages      It’s all hands on deck, it’s hard work, it’s winning, it’s Synack. Join us!  Benefits :   Work Hard.  Play Hard. Unlimited vacation and sick day policy.  Get Paid...enough said. Competitive salary, 401(k) plan and meaningful equity to all employees.  Get Fit. Access to an onsite 7,500 sq. ft. fitness center in our RWC office that includes a day spa, daily yoga, rock climbing wall, olympic-sized pool, indoor volleyball and basketball courts, and 3 miles of nature walks.  Don’t Depend on an Apple a Day. Fully paid health plan option, and 100% premium coverage of vision and dental insurance for you and your dependents.   Synack is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Synack are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                       Skip Navigation    Gap Inc Careers   Mobile Menu     MENU   Home  About Us   Leadership  Benefits  Innovation & Growth  Global Sustainability  History  commitment to Equal Pay  Diversity & Inclusion    Featured Job Areas   Marketing  Design  Merchandising  Inventory Management and Planning  Production  Stores  Supply Chain and Product Operations  Technology and Digital   U.S.  India     College Students and Recent Grads  Blog    Brands   Gap Inc.  GAP  Banana Republic  Old Navy  Athleta  Intermix  Weddington Way      Global Locations  Saved Jobs  Log In   External Candidates  Internal Applicants                  Search   Search   Keyword     Location      Radius  Radius  5 miles  15 miles  25 miles  35 miles  50 miles     Search          Job Details     Vice President Global Supply Chain - IT Engineering  TWO FOLSOM San Francisco, California  94105   JOB#: 214679  DATE POSTED: 
            Sep. 28, 2017  JOB STATUS: Full-time   Apply  Save Job Remove Job    Gap Inc.’s mission to be the world’s favorite for American style. Our technologists are driving retail technology innovation for all Gap Inc.’s brands and delivering global, scalable, cloud-based platform solutions, using continuous integration and open source technology. Reimagining retail has never been more fun! We are looking for a leader with a strong understanding of software development and delivery practices in a vast, multi-platform technology organization within a large specialty retail company. Deep knowledge of software architecture, infrastructure, development practices, release management and quality assurance are critical in driving the continuous delivery of high-quality products. The Vice President (VP) of Engineering Development for Global Supply Chain (GSC) establishes the strategic direction of the GSC portfolio, as it relates to the long-range plan and further developing the Information Technology DevOps organization and leading our transformation. The incumbent will be responsible for the strategy, oversight, active management, build out/development, and implementation of all GSC applications related to Logistics, Inventory Management (MI), Business Intelligence (BI), Supply Chain, etc. This role is focused on ensuring on-time delivery of one of the largest and key initiatives within the company, i.e., Cross-Channel Logistics Optimization (CCLO) that impacts logistics and transportation flow of our entire fleet, every North America distribution center, and potentially sets the footprint for future international expansion. The VP of GSC development has broad industry experience in multiple areas of Supply Chain, e.g., Logistics, IM, etc. Context & Accountabilities: Our corporate and brand technology environment is complex, with a multitude of legacy applications, both package, and custom, that represent 20+ years of history. These applications are being replaced as the company moves to one global technology platform. The GSC (Global Supply Chain) space involves building a robust platform that handles our transportation, distribution center strategy as well as understanding the inventory and supply chain management domains. This role is directly accountable for the definition, implementation, and execution of the application development and delivery strategy. To support the business growth sustainably and economically, with the goal of incrementally enhancing and improving a single, common technology platform. Including policies and procedures for application development, quality assurance, solution architecture, production support, methods, tools, quality goals, cross-campus development strategy and approach, strategy for quickly scaling the development resource pool (up and down). Efficient and economic project staffing, cross-training and knowledge retention, delivery pipeline efficiencies, frequent and iterative delivery of new features, and deployment strategies that minimize business disruption across the global stores and distribution centers. The VP will lead in building an engineering platform that enables us to monitor our entire eco-system allowing us to scale reliably to meet the needs of the Gap Inc. business. The VP will own and execute the engineering roadmap, closely collaborating with Gap Inc.'s Technology (GapTech) Architects on design and delivery from our third-party vendors, identifying what we buy, build, and retire from an applications standpoint. Responsibilities: Responsible for driving the adoption of best in class, large-scale software development and delivery disciplines (quality frameworks, DevOps, Agile, continuous integration, performance, etc.). These best in class regulations will result in improved time to market, quality and customer satisfaction. Interact with technology staff across Development, Operations, Quality, Architecture, Infrastructure, Support, Product Management, Office of the CIO, GapTech Domains, etc. Additionally, this position will collaborate with clients, internal domains, industry forums and support teams to gather insight, build and influence best practices, and enable to be recognized as an industry leader in software development and delivery practices. Prioritize and build engineering roadmap and schedule - balancing the creation of new functionality, immediate needs of existing customers, and augmentation of architecture/infrastructure in conjunction with VP Architecture and VP Operations. Comprehensive understanding of the business/market and the technical implementation as to be able to speak to feasibility, lift, opportunity, etc. of company direction/pivots. Drive/augment engineering process with primary goals of predictability, stability, and visibility. Experienced at delivering Enterprise software at scale. Establish a culture of quality where verification/validation occur at every step. Develop a framework for making impactful technical decisions. Empower engineers to innovate while providing technical expertise/targeted questions to make a decision that is best for the business. Have a willingness to make educated but potentially controversial decisions should the framework yield a stalemate. Ensure engineering understands business direction and how individual work facilitates end goals. Ensure company at large understands the needs of engineering. Specify when the technical debt must be addressed or infrastructure added and the cost of doing or not doing so. Understand the goals of engineers and set them on a path towards achievement. Leverage intrinsic motivation to further both the individual and the business. Build and grow the organization with talented individuals. Skills & Qualifications: Strong architectural design skills, coupled with systematic vision/thinking. Experience architecting/developing enterprise-grade, cloud-based systems. A seasoned executive with strong communication and influencing skills; ability to be an active participant in nuanced technical discussions as well as an ability to represent the platform/solution/challenge to a non-technical audience. Experience managing large development teams and deployments. Prior hands-on experience with IT hardware, networks, software back-end, database, APIs, and modern web front-end frameworks to lead individuals and groups correctly. Comfortable and experienced managing within Agile/Scrum environment. Bachelor's degree in computer science or another relevant engineering field. 10+ years' leading software development/delivery teams and organizations. Inspires, mentors and encourages. Regularly assess team for required skills, responsibilities and performance against defined goals. Technically competent in modern frameworks and approaches (e.g., SOA, web, security). Ability to transform practices while maintaining high quality and meeting client expectations.    Apply           Learn About This Location      Share This Job   Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Email       Meet the tech team                Recently Viewed Jobs    You do not have any recently viewed jobs.     Sign Up for Gap Inc. Job Alerts   We're looking for talented people to work with us in our stores, headquarters, distribution centers, call centers and corporate offices.  Expand   Sign up here to get the latest job openings to your inbox.  All fields are required.  Close Job Alerts    Email Address Interested In Add category and/or location and click "add." Repeat for additional categories and locations. Job Category Select a Job Category Administrative & Secretary Architecture/Construction (Store Development) Athleta Banana Republic Communications & Government Affairs Customer Service/Call Center Design Facilities/Maintenance Finance Gap Gap Inc Gap Times Square General Management: HQ Human Resources Intermix Inventory Management/Planning Legal Logistics/Distribution Center Loss Prevention (HQ): Non-Agent/Management Loss Prevention (store): Agent/Service Representative Marketing / PR Merchandising/ Buying Mill Management Old Navy Old Navy Times Square Product Design Product Management Production/Pre-Production Real Estate Seasonal Sales Associate Shared Function Store Operations Store: Management Store: Sales Associate/Stock/Supervisor Strategic Sourcing Strategy Supply Chain Technical Technology/IT Times Square Vendor Management Visual Merchandising Weddington Way Location Add Gap Inc, San Francisco, California, United States Remove Technology/IT, San Francisco, California, United States Remove Remove   Confirm Email                              GET YOUR RESUME NOTICED  Our recruiters share five secrets for getting your resume noticed.  Learn More           SUSTAINABILITY  We’re working hard to make our business more sustainable by setting bold goals and partnering with others to change our industry for the better.  Learn More           Committed to Inclusion  At Gap Inc., we are open for business for everyone. There’s still more work to do, but our core values of equality, diversity and inclusion are always in style. We’re proud to be ranked second out of 6,000 in Thomson Reuters global index.  Learn More                         Follow Gap Inc.  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube  LinkedIn      Follow  Life at Gap Inc.       GAP  Banana Republic  Old Navy  Athleta  Intermix  Weddington Way  Gap Inc.      Jobs by Category  Jobs by Location     Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status.   Contact Us  Terms of Use  Privacy Policy  Help   2017 © Gap Inc. All rights reserved                         Apply Now  Engineering Manager (Marketing)  at Cloudflare  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    About Us  At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today, Cloudflare runs one of the world’s largest distributed networks that powers more than 1.5 trillion pageviews each month across 5 million Internet properties. More than 10 percent of all global Internet requests flow through Cloudflare’s network. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code.  Our customers range from Fortune 500 companies and nonprofits to small businesses and  budding entrepreneurs. Every day, about 12,000 new customers sign up. We’re working to create a faster, more secure, and more reliable experience for anyone online and given the scale at which we operate, our mission is big. Our team is hard at work shaping the future of the Internet by solving some of its toughest challenges. Come join us.  About the Department  Marketing builds awareness by sharing stories about how using Cloudflare can make a positive impact for customers and prospects. This spans stories across all channels of customer communication: our website, blog, emails, social media, events, ads, etc. We respect the inbox (no spammers!) We tell technical stories. And we see and shape the beauty of a networking story.  Why is working here awesome?  Scale. Not only so we currently process 10% of the internet’s requests, but we’re continuing to grow rapidly. If you want to have a large impact and to work with very talented people, this is the place to do it.  Autonomy. Our team is not dogmatic about a particular language, library or way of doing things. Everything is up for review. If you see a good solution to something, you are empowered to make it happen. We’re looking for someone who is constantly looking to make things better and increase the level of quality we’re delivering as a team.  People. Our team works closely with many other teams in our department; in the hub and spoke model, we’re the hub. We work with engineers on other teams, product marketers, designers, site reliability engineers, our legal team, our co-founders and others. People work hard here and pull together.  Projects. Our team works with Javascript, Node.js, PHP, Golang, Python and Docker as needed. We have exciting demo applications and services that will change everything actively being developed, with many more coming down the pipeline.  Who you are: Our ideal candidate is a senior full-stack development leader with a good mixture of strong frontend and backend skills, experience designing and implementing elegant technical solutions, a passion for DevOps, removing friction from developer workflows, and a desire and ability to own architecture design and for a mixture of existing and upcoming projects that are at the core of our brand identity.  You’ve previously been a key team member of a fast-moving, diverse team comprised of non-technical stakeholders, engineers and designers and want to work hard with smart and talented people every day.  You are comfortable being the point person on new greenfield projects and designing scalable solutions that satisfy all stakeholder requirements, as well as leading major projects that need to evolve to meet new business goals.  What you’ll do: You will work closely with your team to develop solutions, plan them out, articulate them and their underlying considerations clearly in high quality documentation that includes architectural diagrams and wireframes as appropriate. Once the planning phase is complete, you will spearhead the execution while effectively leveraging your engineering team to deliver results on time.  Strong proficiency with the following technologies are absolutely required :   git  Javascript (especially Node.js)  HTML 5  CSS 3  SASS  Docker   Other requirements:   Experience with responsive web development  Understanding of SEO best practices  Understanding of Google Analytics  Experience with A/B testing (Optimizely, Google Optimize)  Experience working in an Agile work environment (Scrum, Kanban)   Serious bonus points for : React, Golang, Microservice design and development, creating web services that scale, Google cloud, Kubernetes, Bash scripting, API documentation, Javascript-heavy demo applications, UI and UX skills, marketing automation software, localization software, handling localization for a high-traffic global web property.  This is an ideal position for a senior engineer who wants to transition into leading and managing a high-impact team that processes requests for every other team in the department, as well as for a seasoned engineering leader who wants to contribute their technical skills and ability to accelerate everyone around them.  What Makes Us Special  We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet. In 2014, we launched Project Galileo, an initiative through which we partner with global NGOs to identify websites at risk of attack and provide the same state-of-the-art mitigation technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost. Project Galileo equips politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work.  Additionally, in 2016, we announced our partnership with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization that works with companies to create 18-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one. With the lofty goal of shaping the future of the Internet, we’re focused on recruiting the best and the brightest, no matter what.  Cloudflare is a security company. A successful background check is required for employment.  Cloudflare hires the best people based on an evaluation of their abilities and effectiveness.  We don't discriminate against employees on the basis of any other personal characteristic or any classification protected by federal, state or local law.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile (Optional)       Personal Website or Blog (Optional)                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Sr. Back-End Developer San Francisco California Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Imagine a world where every car where there’s a smartphone is safer, where massive amounts of data and insights makes cities safer and reduce insurance costs for everyone. Zendrive is executing rapidly on its mission of “making all ground transportation safer using data and analytics” and is focused on building products to support the evolution of transportation. If you are passionate about enabling world-class experiences that works with terabytes of data in real time affecting millions of users, partnering with best in class backend infrastructure that is super easy to operate, secure and most cost effective, than Zendrive is the place for you. This role is an integral part of the San Francisco based Customer Apps team. Responsibilities: Work closely with our product team to craft the next iteration of Zendrive’s front end products and applications. Support and manage our web servers. Partner closely with our backend team in Bangalore.  You will be the SF team’s liaison Drive the evolution of our API’s to support rich client experiences that minimize server round trips. Leverage your past successes to drive the architecture of the back end. Help us build an amazing continuous integration environment. Basic Qualifications: Proactive and passionate attitude Good communication skills Obsessive about writing tests for modern code Experience supporting mobile and web apps Experience managing and building APIs Strong analytical and numeric skills Minimum 5 years on a Linux / AWS backend Minimum 2 years of experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as git, GitHub, Jira, Jenkins, or equivalents Minimum 2 years of Experience with agile development (Kanban, Scrum, etc.) Testing and debugging the backend infrastructure in controlled situations Be part of the Zendrive world class support team Testing and debugging the backend infrastructure in controlled situations Preferred Qualifications: Minimum 1 years of API development, preferably using Firebase Minimum 1 years of experience in JavaScript Minimum 1years of experience in any of the following languages or technologies: Java, Groovy, Ruby, PHP, or Python Experience in developing high performing client-side applications Basic knowledge of native iOS and / or Android app code and architectures Strong preference for a design or engineering bachelor’s degree Why join us? We thought you'd never ask! We offer all the usual stuff: competitive salary, medical/dental insurance, meals on site, gym and Spotify membership, top of the line equipment and compelling early stage equity. But the real perks are: - Challenging and fun work on meaningful problems - you'll never have a boring day at the office. - World-class team of engineers and researchers who love solving tough problems. - The opportunity to work on a problem that aims to improve the lives of everyone and will make a meaningful, positive impact on the world (while building a multi-billion dollar business). - The chance to develop lasting business relationships by helping build our growing set of partners. Apply for this job Zendrive Home Page Jobs powered bySenior Software Engineer - Infrastructure San Francisco, CA Broadcaster Success – Video Infrastructure Full-time Apply for this job Twitch has over 100 million users, and the Video Infra team is responsible for building infra services and tools to help scale and manage the infrastructure that powers Twitch’s video. We’re building a number of features to make Twitch the most compelling destination for video. We’re looking for engineers that love delighting people with incredible products and user experiences. On the infra team, you’ll work closely with our other engineering and product teams to craft engaging systems collect feedback, and iterate quickly . We value expertise in distributed systems, microservices and Devops on AWS. We are working on building an even more robust video system to scale twitch to the next level . Responsibilities Collaborate with other teams and engineers to design new features and services Develop APIs that will power these features for both internal and external customers Create, test, and document services and their operational processImplement experiments and collect data with our data scientists to drive subsequent iterations on these features Identify and uphold engineering best practices Help our support team triage bugs, respond to user feedback, and fix production issues Participate in code and design reviews, teaching and learning from other engineers Requirements Experience leading engineering teams and setting technical direction 4+ years of experience building web services or applications at scale Experience working in a service-oriented or microservices architectures Proficient coder in one or more of the following: Go, Python, Ruby, C, C++, Java, Scala Strong organizational and communication skills Bonus Points Experience building and scaling distributed, highly available systems Contributions to open source software projects- send us a link to your contributions You’ve built APIs/interfaces that other programmers love to use Hands on experience building services using Amazon Web Services Avid user of Twitch or passion for video games Perks Full benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life. Catered daily lunch and dinners (and hearty breakfasts three times a week). Unlimited snacks and drinks. Monthly in-office massages. Corporate gym membership. Commuter benefits Flexible time off policy. Weekly happy hours and opportunity to attend one gaming event or tournament. Top of the line technology to help you build your own workspace. About Twitch Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at: http://twitch.tv We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records . #LI-MD1 Apply for this job Twitch Home Page Jobs powered by              Approach   How it Works  Solutions  Customers  Partners     About Us   Our Story  Our Team  Press  Investor Relations  Careers     Resource   What's New  Blog  Events  Webinars     Users   User Access                         How it Works  Solutions  User Access  Request Demo      Castlight Careers                          Search Jobs             View By    Job Category  Engineering  Products  Professional Services  Sales  Temporary  Sales Ops and Enablement  Finance  Corporate Marketing  Partnerships  Operations  Information Technology  Customer Success  Corporate Development  Consumer User Growth  More...      > View All Open Jobs  > Join Our Talent Network          Careers                      Apply Now      Req # 100676 Software Development Engineer in Test  San Francisco, CA US  Employee:  Full Time Employee  Travel:  None   About Castlight  At Castlight, our mission is to empower people to make the best choices for their health and to help companies make the most of their health benefits. We offer a health benefits platform that engages employees to make better healthcare decisions and can guide them to the right program, care, and provider. The platform also enables benefit leaders to communicate and measure their programs while driving employee engagement with targeted, relevant communications.   Description As a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) at Castlight, you will utilize your strong Java or Ruby development skills to design, develop and utilize test frameworks, test tools, and automation for complex software-as-a-service (SaaS). Experience in other popular programming languages will help you evaluate other solutions and modern approaches. You will define, implement, and analyze metrics to determine test effectiveness and the overall quality of software. This position requires collaborating with the devops, build engineers and product developers to ensure the tools you create and maintain support to the full team. The ideal candidate will look to reuse and adapt modern solutions from the SQA community.  Preferred Experiences:  Developing Jenkins workflows or plugin authoring  Service-Oriented Architecture. Experience testing Web services is a plus  Virtual (VMware) or Cloud (AWS, GCE)  Bash or Python scripting  Database programming  Knowledge of Linux/RHEL  Applying different software testing techniques, such as equivalence class partitioning, boundary value testing, pairwise testing, etc.  Some performance / scalability / reliability (PSR) testing is also preferred (e.g. JMeter)   Qualifications   3+ years professional coding experience in Java, Ruby or Python  1+ years professional experience creating test automation frameworks and tools  JUnit, SerenityBDD, TestNG with Extent Reporting or equivalent testing tool experience in another programming environment  Working knowledge of MySQL and MongoDB  Build tools like Maven, Ant, Gradle, Grunt, or Gulp  Git source control  Developing software and testing solutions in an Agile environment     We are Castlight and we are…  ONE TEAM  * Changing healthcare is a team sport  * Teamwork requires respect  * Direct feedback is a gift that improves us  * Diversity makes us stronger  * We take care of ourselves and each other=  ON A MISSION  * We put our mission first  * We are here to transform healthcare  * We tackle complex problems with curiosity, passion, and ambition  * We bring our best every day  * We learn and grow together   MAKING THINGS HAPPEN  * Done well is better than perfect  * We move fast to accelerate execution and learning  * We are empowered to take action  * We own the outcome  * We win together   EEOC Statement  Castlight Health provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Castlight Health will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.    Apply Now                       Company   Careers  Press  Investor Relations  Blog  Contact Us       Users   User Login  Privacy Policy  Terms of service  Release Notes                   All Rights Reserved Copyright © 2017           Request a demo  Are you a user looking for help? Don't fill out this form, click here.   Castlight Privacy Policy                   About us: HintMD is a well-funded high technology start-up in the healthcare industry. Our ExpertCommerce™ platform enables physicians to curate treatment plans for patients, and deliver the convenience to help patients achieve results. We enable consumers to fully engage within the aesthetic industry, know what is right for them, and stay compliant with a personalized plan that guides them through each step on their journey to be their best. Our team includes successful serial entrepreneurs, industry experts and people passionate to make a difference in our customer’s lives. Our headquarters are in beautiful Pleasanton, California. The Role: We are looking for a talented full-stack/generalist engineer to join our world class, results driven team. If you meet the requirements below, we would love to tell you more in person. This is an opportunity to make a big impact in a small team and to have fun. It’s way better than those boring big-corporate red-tape meetings-all-the-time-sucks-the-life-out-of-you jobs. As a key member of our growing team, we expect you to align and extend our culture. We’d like you to teach us new things, improve our systems and processes, show passion for what you do and bring intellectual honesty and resourcefulness. Our ideal candidate has: Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent with 5-8 years of experience shipping web based applications using any of the popular MVC frameworks. We use Java and Python server-side, and React (HTML, Javascript) on the client side. Experience working with and constructing web frameworks, web services, APIs, databases, etc. using the following technologies: Java Javascript HTML5 * Experience working in a fast-paced result driven setting. Attention to detail, takes time to understand requirements and carefully crafts both tests and code. We use Behavior Driven Design principles. A good understanding and some experience related to secure and reliable product deployment and operations A champion for quality bug tracking, source code control, unit tests and documentation. A love for learning new technologies. You will: Design, code and ship new features on our web app at high velocity and high quality with well-structured and secure code. Troubleshoot debug, and fix issues in production and non-production environments Coach and mentor peer engineers to become great developers and recommend best practices and tools. Help with DevOps and IT tasks as necessary. Have fun What we can offer: Finally, we believe that healthy people fuel healthy culture. We offer health, dental and vision benefits, as well as three weeks paid vacation per year at the minimum. If this sounds like the kind of work you would love to be doing, reach out to us and let’s chat about how we can combine forces! HintMD is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Job Type: Full-time Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Software Engineering: 3 years                                  1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Lead/Principal Software Developer- Super Secure Database     Job Category:   Technology - Infrastructure Engineering     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ) US - Washington - Bellevue     SF-Y:   Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.        Share  |      | Email this job        Lead/Principal Software Engineer(Super Secure Database Team)  Trust is the #1 company value at salesforce. Our Product Security team ensures the security of our products and serves as subject matter experts for our infrastructure and network operations teams in today's rapidly evolving threat landscape. We are a team of developers working in a large scale, multi-tenant environment that includes Databases, Linux OS, AWS and other environments. Your role will be to work side by side with the existing product security team members, together with DevOps and software engineers to develop software to prevent attacks and secure our infrastructure through software. You will also help to ensure that related security policies and procedures are adhered to with the goal of keeping salesforce data secure. We run one of largest database footprints on the planet and you will create new tools, conduct industry-leading research, and solve challenging technical problems on the forefront of database and application security. Responsibilities:  Build software technologies and tooling integrated into our infrastructure fabric to secure backend layers including the database layers. Provide security guidance and oversight to engineering and operational teams by participating in design reviews and participate in threat modeling Develop tools to take 3rd party technology which you would partake in evaluating and rollout at scale. Research new security technologies  Minimum Qualifications:  B.S. / M.S. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related experience. Work experience in Linux-based distributed systems 8-12+ years software development experience, including API design and significant contributions to code running in high availability production environments. Relevant experience in at least 2 of these languages with fluent proficiency: Java, C, or C++  DevOps mindset and strong ownership over owned code (test, monitor, deploy, maintain) Demonstrated understanding of general Unix/Linux systems (e.g., CentOS, RHEL, Solaris, or similar)  Bonus Skills:  Expertise with virtualization and hypervisor security Background with automated configuration management and/or build management tools e.g. Jenkins  Company Overview: Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” five years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y       Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Lead/Principal Software Developer- Super Secure Database position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today                     Featured Jobs   Administrative/Support Jobs  Customer Service/Call Center Jobs  Executive Jobs  Finance/Accounting Jobs  Human Resources/Legal Jobs  Information Technology Jobs  Real Estate Field Services Jobs  Marketing/Communications Jobs  Real Estate Operations/Management Jobs  Sales/Account Management Jobs     Locations    Not finding a job?   Join Our Talent Community  View All Jobs           Search Our Open Positions    Search by Keyword      Search by Location              Search by Keyword      Search by Location            Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now           Email   Start         Please wait...         Share this Job                          Senior Big Data Engineer  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...       Date:  Nov 3, 2017    Location:  Emeryville, CA, US    Company:  Realogy Services Group LLC         Requisition 45267   About ZapLabs LLC ZapLabs ( www.zaplabs.com ) is the innovation and technology hub for global real estate leader Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), and the driving force behind inventive technology for brokers and agents affiliated with Realogy’s world renowned real estate brands. ZapLabs delivers its highly effective consumer, sales associate and broker solutions in support of Realogy’s leading franchise brands and is positioned to expand the scope of its technology development efforts to encompass Realogy’s other business segments, including residential brokerage, relocation and settlement services. ZapLabs is headquartered in Emeryville, California.    At ZapLabs, we work to build and improve a platform that helps real estate professionals work effectively, and helps delight home buyers and sellers with an excellent experience. We do that by combining great technology with great people – and we’re looking for a Senior Big Data Engineer to join our team.    What we’re looking for :  You’re a talented, creative, and motivated engineer who loves developing powerful, stable, and intuitive apps – and you’re excited to work with a team of individuals with that same passion. You’ve accumulated years of experience, and you’re excited about taking your mastery of Big Data and Java to a new level. You enjoy challenging projects involving big data sets and are cool under pressure. You’re no stranger to fast-paced environments and agile development methodologies – in fact, you embrace them. With your strong analytical skills, your unwavering commitment to quality, your excellent technical skills, and your collaborative work ethic, you’ll do great things here at ZapLabs.    What you’ll do :  As a Senior Big Data Engineer, you’ll be responsible for designing and building high performance, scalable data solutions that meet the needs of millions of agents, brokers, home buyers, and sellers. You’ll design, develop, and test robust, scalable data platform components. You’ll work with a variety of teams and individuals, including product engineers to understand their data pipeline needs and come up with innovative solutions. By collaborating with our talented team of engineers, product managers, and designers, you’ll be a driving force in defining new data products and features.    Skills, accomplishments, and interests you should have :   BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline – or equivalent combination of training and experience  6+ years core Java experience: building business logic layers and back-end systems for high-volume pipelines  Experience with Spark Streaming and Scala  Current experience in Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce and HDFS, Cassandra/HBase  Understanding of data flows, data architecture, ETL and processing of structured and unstructured data  Current experience using Java development, SQL Database systems, and Apache products  Experience with high-speed messaging frameworks and streaming (Kafka, Akka, reactive)  Current experience developing and deploying applications to a public cloud (AWS, GCE)  Experience with DevOps tools (GitHub, Travis CI, JIRA) and methodologies (Lean, Agile, Scrum, Test Driven Development)  Experience with data science and machine/deep learning a plus  Ability to work quickly with an eye towards writing clean code that is efficient and reusable  Ability to build prototypes for new features that will delight our users and are consistent with business goals  Ability to iterate quickly in an agile development process  Ability to learn new technologies and evaluate multiple technologies to solve a problem  Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English  Strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit   Nice to haves:     Experience mentoring or acting in a lead capacity   We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats.        EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  #LI-LY1       Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Database, Engineer, Computer Science, Real Estate, Java, Technology, Engineering, Sales      Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...           Find similar jobs:   ZapLabs Jobs,  Information Technology Jobs       ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users    Email*   Password*   Forgot Password?   Sign in   * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create        ×  Create Profile        Working...   Next »       ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »                Home  Realogy.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy     Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  Realogy endeavors to make our careers site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process due to a disability, please email realogyrecruiter@realogy.com. Please note that Realogy will respond only to requests for accommodations due to a disability.                                                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply                                             Share       Email Opening      Apply Now                Title  Sr. Software Engineer- Full Stack     About the Organization  About Healthline Healthline.com is the fastest growing health information site on the planet, and the 2nd largest health site in the US (per comScore)! Every month, over 50 million people count on our talented teams to support, guide, and inspire them toward the best possible health outcomes for themselves and their families. We are a purpose-driven organization with a vision to create a stronger, healthier world.      Category  Engineering    Description  Position:  Sr. Software Engineer - Full Stack    Healthline is the fastest growing health website on the planet and the 2nd largest health site in the US (per comScore).  We have begun a replatform effort and are looking to extend the team focused on this effort.  We are all-in with this project and know that it will materially accelerate our growth and success.  If you’re looking for a challenging position that puts your skills to work helping millions of users become stronger and healthier while also building our top and bottom line, this is the job for you.    Role:  As Sr. Software Engineer - Full Stack, you will be a member of a small, focused, multi-discipline team developing the base platform of our website.  You will work closely with product, design and infrastructure resources while playing a critical part in the decision making process. You are detail-oriented and self-motivated, with demonstrated success and passion around full stack development.    Responsibilities:    Work in a very small team focused on the core site platform and features    Encourage and leverage best practices around testing and automation    Constantly evolve processes around developer productivity    Focus heavily on performance (front AND back) to ensure end user satisfaction         Position Requirements   Required Frontend Skills:   Highly proficient in React    Highly proficient in HTML5 and CSS3    Experience with CSS in JS techniques    Experience with JavaScript best practices including ES6   Required Backend Skills:   Highly proficient in Node and JavaScript    Experience with RESTful APIs and API design    Experience with relational databases (preferably PostgreSQL or MySQL)   Preferred Skills:   Experience with SSR in React    Experience with Redux and ImmutableJS    Familiar with responsive web concepts    Experience with Docker    Experience with CI/CD    Experience working remotely   DevOps experience, especially with AWS     Full-Time/Part-Time      Position  Sr. Software Engineer- Full Stack    Post Internal Days  0    Exempt/Non-Exempt  Exempt    Req Number  ENG-16-00002    Location  San Francisco    EOE Statement  Healthline Media is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate on any legally recognized basis, including but not limited to race, color, religion, sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law.  We also provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act as amended and applicable state and local law.  No person shall be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination on the basis of these factors.  If you require an accommodation in the application process, please advise your recruiter.               This position is currently accepting applications.   Apply Now                                  Follow us          See who works here:                     Click here for technical assistance.                 Apply Now  Engineering Manager - Console Front End Platform  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    Twilio is more than just an API - it’s a communications platform that empowers developers with the building blocks they need to innovate. Twilio’s Console is needed to achieve this vision. We empower all of Twilio to build beautiful interfaces that are simple and intuitive.  About the job:  At Twilio engineering managers grow teams and inspire them to contribute quality work. We’re need an experienced engineering manager to lead our Console Front End Platform team. You will collaborate with Product to craft and deliver on the vision, strategy, and roadmap for Twilio's Console.  Responsibilities:   Attract, inspire, and lead high-quality talent for the team.  Help engineers develop new skills and advance in their careers.  Encourage a healthy work environment that’s both supportive and challenging.  You understand what makes teams successful and what role a manager can play in that process.  Know when to let a team work through problems and when to jump in to help.  Technical enough to ask engineers good questions about architecture and product decisions.   What we’re looking for:   You have five years experience leading a team as a Software Engineering Manager.  You are curious, collaborative, low ego and have empathy as a key trait.  You are a strategic thinker and thrive operating in broad scope, from conception through continuous operation of 24x7 services.  You have experience in a production Cloud / DevOps environment for high scale, low latency services.  You have a deep understanding of modern JavaScript frameworks.  You have expertise building UI components in a reusable manner.  You have real passion for developer productivity.   About us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 650 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. #LI-POST         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Software Engineer - Core Engineering San Francisco, CA Role At A Glance We are looking for an exceptional full stack developer who loves solving challenging problems. You are sharp, results-oriented, knowledgeable, ambitious, and determined, taking pride and ownership in everything you build. We believe in a collaborative environment, where every member has a large impact on the product. Our Stack: Plastiq operates a Continuous Delivery Model using GitHub and Jenkins. On the frontend, we use Angular. On the backend, we use PHP and MySQL. We integrate with many APIs and Services including our own Payments Processing Platform built in Java. About You 3+ years professional experience as a full-stack software developer You have deep experience with JavaScript and PHP You are very comfortable with relational databases (MySQL especially) You've shipped and maintained frontend customer-facing products You've built and maintained backend code/systems You love writing tests and releasing code to production You have experience with Vagrant or other containers You have some DevOps skills with Apache, MySQL, AWS, Heroku You have a willingness to take risks and move fast – done is better than perfect! You are eager to learn new languages, frameworks and tools. Your Responsibilities Write clean, modular code, complete with automated tests, that is scalable and maintainable Do QA: engineers own the quality of their code! Do DevOps: engineers deploy and maintain production code! Work with design to create beautiful UI/UX Work with product and sales teams to implement product and customer feedback Coordinate with design and product teams to help scope out and prepare work for implementation Additionally, any/all of these would make you more awesome You’re proficient in ReactJS You’re interested in fintech and payments Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms                                  1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Distributed Storage Services Development Engineer     Job Category:   Technology - Software Development     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ) US - Washington - Bellevue     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        Distributed Storage Services Development Engineer Are you a distributed systems enthusiast? Storage expert? Or passionate about building high performance, scalable cloud storage technology that supports performance hungry applications? Do you take pride in delivering high quality mission critical enterprise distributed services? If so, you have reached your destination. Join the team that is building the cutting edge low latency, high performance, horizontally scalable cloud based storage services. Candidate must have strong distributed storage systems experience and system programming background to work with a DevOps team that is responsible for developing and running the next generation cloud storage service. You will join the growing team of world class highly motivated software engineers to architect, design, develop, test, and deliver highly complex distributed storage services. Some attributes of successful candidates Experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems on unreliable hardware. Eat, sleep, and breathe services. You have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt. Contributions to open source projects and present at tech talks and papers at conferences. Resolve complex technical issues and drive innovations that improve system scalability, availability, resilience and performance. Capable of driving and delivering thin slices of functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. Passionate about automation and avoid doing things manually. Create, maintain and share technical documentation used by engineers and other team members. Requirements 5+ years of professional experience in systems software development, preferably in the storage stack. 5+ years professional experience in Java, C, Go, C++, Python or other language. Practical knowledge of algorithms, patterns, and tradeoffs of distributed systems’ design. Solid understanding of how to configure, deploy, manage and maintain large cloud hosted systems; including auto-scaling, metrics & monitoring, performance tuning, troubleshooting and disaster recovery. Experience delivering on strategic initiatives effectively in a fast paced environment while supporting day-to-day issues. Proficiency with source control, continuous integration, and testing pipelines. The following skills are a plus: Experience with Opensource, especially with storage projects such as Ceph, Apache BookKeeper, Kafka, etc. Hands-on experience with Linux server, and cloud architectures. Good understanding of network technologies like DNS, Load Balancing, SSL, TCP/IP, HTTP. Knowledge of metrics & monitoring (e.g., Splunk, Nagios etc.) and configuration management tools (e.g., Chef, Puppet, Ansible, etc.). Experience with software based compute infrastructure such as AWS, Azure, GCE, OpenStack.       Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Distributed Storage Services Development Engineer position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today    BetterCompany     All jobs → Junior Software Engineer   Junior Software Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States   Description BetterCompany is looking for a highly motivated software engineer to join our small, scrappy team. At BetterCompany, we're building a product to connect candidates looking for a job with companies looking for candidates. We do this by accessing data sets that tell us about candidates who are currently looking for jobs as well as what attributes our partner companies and their hiring managers are looking for in the candidates they hire. As part of the Engineering team at BetterCompany, you'd be helping us build the UI and API for our customer facing application, the services that process and normalize our data, and much more. This is an opportunity to work with a large and interesting data set using bleeding edge technology while building software that will ultimately help both individuals and companies reach their goals. Requirements  Self-starter with appetite for solving problems in complex systems  2+ years of experience working in software engineering  Proficiency in at least one programming language used for web development (JavaScript, Python, Go, Ruby, etc.)  Proficiency in at least one front-end JavaScript framework (React, Angular, Ember, etc.)  Proficiency in working with databases and writing SQL  Interest in working with our stack (NodeJS, React, Postgres, AWS)  Would feel comfortable and confident building a new full-stack application from scratch  Nice to Haves:  Interest and/or experience in Machine Learning and AI  Interest and/or experience working on devops  Prior experience in the HR and Recruiting space  Benefits BetterCompany's core values center around transparency, honesty, empowering people, being humble, and getting the job done well, without excuses. We’re looking meet individuals who share these values. Beyond compensation, we are happy to provide the following:  A meaningful job that provides you daily confirmation that your skills, talent and experience are making a difference in the world.  Smart, passionate colleagues  A design-minded, empathetic and user-centric team and product process.  A light-filled office space in Downtown SF, within walking distance of BART and Muni  Excellent health and dental benefits  Generous time off and company holiday allowance    Apply for this job             BetterCompany website  Powered by Workable    If you have a passion for cyber security, read on! Using a unique patented approach, my client is a market leader in advanced malware protection and is growing at a very rapid pace.Â They are in search of a DevOps and Automation Engineer. You need to live in or be willing to move to San Francisco Bay, Santa Barbara, Boston, or Tampa areas. You are an avid python coder and enjoy automating processes. You will research new tools and write new tools from scratch in Python (using Debian/Ubuntu) and concatenate them, building new highly automated systems that will establish the framework for many development teams. You will be responsible for ensuring appropriate functioning of the developed systems and be ready to support the other engineers â€˜on demand.â€™ EXPERIENCE (â€œMust-havesâ€): Fluent use of Python and Bash Solid experience with Linux administration and development Familiarity with the Git version control system Knowledge of basic networking protocols (TCP, UDP, HTTP, SMTP, etc.) and network development Interest is software architecture design and development of the highest quality software DESIRED (â€œNice-to-havesâ€): The more experience you have with the following, the better: Â Debian/Ubuntu systems and deb package building Puppet Jenkins and its API Jira/Confluence and their API Testrail and its API VMware/vSphere and its API for VM management Job Type: Full-time      Apply Now  Senior Monitoring DevOps Engineer  at Sony Interactive Entertainment PlayStation  San Francisco, CA    Recognized as a global leader in interactive and digital entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) is responsible for the PlayStation® brand and family of products and services. PlayStation has delivered innovation to the market since the launch of the original PlayStation in Japan in 1994. The PlayStation family of products and services include PlayStation®4, PlayStation®VR, PlayStation®Vita, PlayStation®3, PlayStation®Store, PlayStation®Plus, PlayStation™Video, PlayStation™Music, PlayStation™Now, PlayStation™Vue, PlayStation®Original and acclaimed PlayStation software titles from SIE Worldwide Studios. Headquartered in San Mateo, California, SIE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation and has global functions and regional headquarters in California, London and Tokyo.  Senior Monitoring DevOps Engineer  Location: San Francisco, CA (SoMa)  We're seeking a talented Senior Monitoring DevOps Engineer to join a team responsible for delivering an entertainment experiences for next gen gaming & entertainment consoles, right in the heart of the SoMA neighborhood San Francisco.  The team you will join primarily deals with collection of metrics and logs from each service run.  But that will not be the only tasks.  You will be expected to help with automation of many of the back-end infrastructure tasks, auto-scaling, self-healing, and building out new services related to data collection for other teams on multiple message busses and data platforms.  You will be part of a team that believes in delivering highly scalable software on the cloud.  This role is ideal for an engineer who is passionate about building and scaling cloud based systems with a particular focus on monitoring, real time data analysis and alerting. Critical activities for the health of the platform. We're specifically looking for a smart, talented individual who loves big amount of data.  Build & maintain the infrastructure that collects this data, process it, derive it, correlate what is happening, machine learning. Create smart alerts, smart dashboards, it’s the real combination of Ops and Dev.  Responsibilities:   Overseeing the log and metrics collection platform; building, supporting, maintaining, and troubleshooting it when it breaks.  Automate underlying AWS infrastructure and service management providing a reliable platform for all data, logging, and monitoring services.  Own the jobs and processes that collect the data; own Splunk, own our Spark Clusters and infrastructure, owns Kafka. Own our monitoring infrastructure (Nagios / Sensu).  Continuously work on improving and tuning the data collection, what we monitor, how we alert.  Own the content that powers the operational dashboards displayed everywhere; work closely with developers on everything related to data platform technologies.  Build and maintain systems used internally by both the operations teams and development teams; be part of a rotation for 24/7 on call support for monitoring and logging systems.   Qualifications:   5+ years of professional experience in a high-availability data center environment for serving large web services.  5+ years of Linux administration in a production Saas/Cloud environment  Kafka or similar message bus knowledge preferred; experience in AWS cloud services.  Understand log collection agents like logstash for moving data from individual pieces of equipment; understand metric collections agents such as collectd  Splunk knowledge a big plus although not required. You will own our Splunk implementation.  Experience with hadoop/hdfs/hbase is a huge plus; possess knowledge about time series databases like OpenTSDB is helpful  Knowledge of Nagios / Sensu a big plus; experience with Ruby desired; possess knowledge of configuration management tools such as chef or salt  Experience with Grafana is helpful; experience using version control with Git.  Involvement in the Open Source community (code writing, patch submission, bug reporting, etc.) is a plus.   Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category.  We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.  We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation. #LI-SA1         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    By selecting "Yes", I am certifying that, to the best of my knowledge, the information I have provided in this employment application is true and correct. *     Please select Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Sony Interactive Entertainment PlayStation are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Credible  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Who is Credible?  We believe life’s changes create financial needs for people and that the traditional financial system often puts up unnecessary obstacles. People celebrate major milestones like going to college, getting married, and buying a home. And most of the time, these milestones come with financial implications.  At Credible, we have built a company with the mission of bringing transparency, choice, simple processes and savings to accessing credit for life’s important moments. What you see is what you get. We are committed to being upfront, honest, and clear about your options. There are no mysteries, no hidden fees, and no secret clauses.  Credible is a fast-growing Fintech that has world class management, has raised multiple rounds of funding, is generating significant revenue and is disrupting the lending market and helping people save money and get out of debt faster.  We are looking for a talented and passionate DevOps Engineer who will design, build, and maintain critical infrastructure for the Credible platform. You will join a small tight-knit team where you can have a big impact on a rapidly growing company. You will influence strategy and direction of our infrastructure by helping us build scalable solutions to challenging technical problems.  Responsibilities   Build tools and systems to enable Credible to deliver high quality software, fast  Work throughout the full infrastructure including design, architecture, capacity planning, monitoring, alerting, security, scaling, failover and recovery  Ensure site uptime and performance SLAs are met  Collaborate with broader engineering team on new feature rollouts  Be on periodic on-call duty to support the infrastructure   Requirements   Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or a related field  5+ years hands-on experience operating enterprise class infrastructure  5+ years scripting experience with Python, Ruby, Perl, etc.  Expert in building automated deployment and scalable systems  Strong knowledge of ecommerce applications and information security best practices  Strong background of coordinating and leading cross-team projects  System-level thinking and ability to move up and down the stack  Familiarity with our stack a plus: AWS (Elastic Beanstalk, RDS wMySQL, CodeCommit, CodeDeply), Docker, NewRelic, Ruby on Rails, and Webpack  Prior work with continuous integration systems a plus, e.g. Jenkins   More  about  Credible  At Credible, we are solving meaningful, challenging problems using technology, and we focus relentlessly on providing an exceptional customer experience. Our average refinance customer saves $19,000, enabling them to make important investments in themselves and their families. We’re growing fast and are innovating quickly in the financial services space - if you want to do work that matters, with a motivated team in a collaborative and transparent environment, contact us! We offer:   Competitive compensation package  Comprehensive benefits package including medical/dental, life insurance, and commuter benefits.  Tuition reimbursement program for qualified programs  Flexible vacation policy for when it’s time to get away and recharge  Kitchen well stocked with a variety of snacks and drinks, weekly lunch & breakfast  Conveniently located in San Francisco, walking distance from BART and the Financial District   Why you want to work at Credible  We are a fast moving, fun-loving, seriously smart group of people who really care about impacting the lives of our customers. We empower our employees to make decisions, take risks, drive our business and make changes when we don’t get it right. These are our values:   Exceed Customer Expectations: We provide an exceptional experience to each and every customer that compels them to share it with others.  Take Ownership: We are trusted to make decisions that are in the best interests of our customers and our business. We think and act like owners. We care – and that makes all the difference.  Be Curious: We are curious, ask questions, seek to understand and try new things.  Do the Right Thing: We earn trust by being transparent, respectful and honest with each person with whom we interact.  Get Results: Results fuel our excitement and we know how our personal accomplishments tie to the success of the company  Be Bold: We are courageous and take risks that scare us. Our enthusiasm for experimenting is how we will find the next breakthrough.   Our benefits: We offer competitive compensation, generous benefits, free food and a flexible vacation policy.  But mainly, you want to work at Credible because you believe in our mission and want to have a major role in delivering on it! We look forward to getting to know you.  We  are  an  equal  opportunity  employer  and  value  diversity  at  our  company.  We  do  not discriminate  on  the  basis  of  race,  religion,  color,  national  origin,  gender,  sexual  orientation, age, marital  status,  veteran  status,  or  disability  status.  Pursuant  to  the  San  Francisco  Fair Chance Ordinance,  we  will  consider  for  employment  qualified  applicants  with  arrest  and conviction records.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Credible are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                                 1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Systems Engineer / DevOps - Infrastructure  Delivery     Job Category:   Technology - Infrastructure Engineering     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ)     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        As a  SysEng/DevOps Engineer in the Infrastructure Engineering organization, you will be a member of a dynamic team focusing on building and maintaining an enterprise level, cloud computing infrastructure. You understand and apply a wide variety of concepts, practices and procedures of service delivery engineering, and can resolve a wide range of issues in creative ways.  You are a self-starter, able to make quick, effective decisions and think outside the box.  Take management requirements and are able to design and implement automation. You work on multiple projects of moderate complexity.  Demonstrate good judgment and use your expertise in selecting methods and techniques for developing solutions.  Doing more with less is a challenge in which you excel.  Roles & Responsibilities:   You will be part of CANS (Capacity Add and New Services) team within the Service Engineering org.   Required to define requirements for, and write/test custom tools to handle DevOps work  not covered by the tools team (Compute Systems).   Work very closely with the tools team (Compute Systems) to provide feedback and requirements for enhancements of the tools you will use for the Infrastructure build outs. Contribute code wherever possible to their code bases to drive improvement.   Responsible for infrastructure builds for production capacity and new services rollout. You will also be responsible for DevOps support to our Service Engineers and the R&D teams.   Work very closely with Service Engineers to provide build and DevOps support to the new micro services.   Must make ownership and accountability for one’s actions, and be known for meticulous attention to detail.   Develop and leverage your already strong leadership, influence and communication skills. Service Engineering develops those cross-technology skills that will serve you well in whatever direction you take your career down the road   Experience/Skills required:   BS/BA Degree in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience.   Experience with automation frameworks such as Puppet, Ansible, and Rundeck. Experience designing, deploying and maintaining Puppet based solutions.   Strong automation and coding experience using Shell/Python/Golang.   Experience in implementing micro services using Docker and Kubernetes.   Experienced in using wide variety of open source Technologies and Cloud services like AWS, Azure etc.   Mandatory Knowledge on RHEL/CentOS 6.x or above. Experience designing, deploying and maintaining bare metal provisioning and multiple server installation (Kickstart).   Understanding/management of code repositories like SVN/Git.   Understanding of Authentication Authorization and Accounting servers Kerberos / Active Directory / LDAP / RADIUS etc.   Experience building and configuring major Internet host/network services including but not limited to: Web (http, SSL, etc.), DNS, NFS, NIS/NIS+, databases (MySQL, Oracle, Postgres etc.) and Java.   Strong Networking experience - TCP/IP, administration of networking hardware (Cisco, Foundry, etc.), load balancing  - Considered a PLUS   Firewall/security experience - access control list management, secure remote access management practices, IDS, etc. - Considered a PLUS   Experience/Skills Desired:   Knowledge of Algorithms and Data Structures.   Excellent communication skills (written/verbal)   Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills, conducive to team development.   Knowledge of Agile Development or Scrum Project Management methodologies.   About Salesforce:  Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” six years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” nine years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.  *LI-Y       Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Systems Engineer / DevOps - Infrastructure  Delivery position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today     View Our Website     View All Jobs                 Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.      Build and Release/DevOps Engineer    San Francisco, CA   Full Time   Engineering   Entry Level                      Build and Release DevOps Engineer  Responsibilities   Implement and maintain tools for continuous builds, automated testing, and release management  Own, manage, and improve our release process with a goal towards continuous deployment  Help manage and maintain testing environments  Work closely with the Engineering team to help identify and resolve production issues  Develop and architect testing framework   Qualifications   BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical discipline, or equivalent industry experience  Experience with a compiled language, e.g. Java  Experience with bash and another scripting language, e.g. ruby  1-3 years work experience, recent graduates acceptable    Read More     Apply for Position         Apply for this position  Required *     Apply with LinkedIn         Apply with Indeed           First Name *     Last Name *     Email Address *     Address                  Phone *     Resume *   Attach resume or Paste resume    Attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2MB) or Paste resume         Paste your resume here or Attach resume file           Cover Letter     In 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. Try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye! *   150     Submit Application                × Close  Forward This Position       Recipient Email Address (one)     Your Name     Your Email Address     Enter a message (optional)  The message cannot contain links      Human Check*                      Powered by               Sr. DevOps Engineer Engineering San Francisco Our Company Insikt is a rapidly growing technology company that connects borrowers seeking loans with investors seeking better, stable returns. Our mission is to bring trust and transparency back to the world of lending and securitization while also helping underserved families and small businesses find responsible credit options. We are accomplishing this mission by enabling: Lending: Our proprietary white-label lending platform (Lendify) allows any retail store, online brand, or distribution partner to make loans or provide purchase financing to its customers, in its own brand name, without any prior credit expertise, and with minimal upfront investment. Investing: Our proprietary investing platform allows accredited investors to buy into a variety of investment instruments backed by distinct loan portfolios underwritten in-house.  Each investor has online access to all the same data as our Risk and Analytics teams, ensuring transparency into all investment instruments. We have brought together the best and brightest from top-tier technology companies, leading financial service providers, and world-class investment firms. We are funded by some of the best investors and entrepreneurs in the world, including First Mark Capital, Revolution Ventures, Capital One, Continental Investors and Serengeti Asset Management. Our Values We are a tight-knit team of highly talented and motivated people from a diverse set of backgrounds and industries all tenaciously driven by our mission. We value creativity, courage, and collaboration and we believe in letting the best and most innovative ideas rise to the top. We are looking for the absolute best people who want work hard, play hard, and build a socially-minded, profitable, and enduring business in the process. What we are looking for at Insikt: You have a solid Linux skills skillset and a passion for computer technology. You are passionate about new technology and developments in the industry. You approach problems logically and analytically. You would like to do things the right way. You know what works and what doesn’t and you can elaborate on the why and how. Daily responsibilities and required skills: Automating our AWS infrastructure Creating and maintaining Ansible scripts Managing release and deployment cycles for product lines Managing security as we go online with customers Degree in Computer Science or equivalent 6+ years of professional experience with Linux and cloud infrastructure Experience working with AWS Strong experience with scripting languages and using them in automation (primarily Bash and Python) Experience with configuration management tools (Ansible + Docker) Experience with highly scalable and distributed infrastructure Exposure to database technologies and server administration Exposure to web-based software development or operations Bonus points to have: Familiarity with the consumer lending space Exposure to monitoring system such as Prometheus Compensation Compensation is competitive and will be based on prior work experience. Insikt Options. 401(k) Complimentary snacks in the office Onsite gym Convenient location in Downtown San Francisco less than two blocks from BART We offer equity packages that allow you to have ownership in this growing company. Full medical, dental and vision coverage.  Insikt pays 100% of employee premiums and 50% dependent premiums for medical, dental and vision benefits. You can expect a collaborative environment, team building activities, dinners, and fun monthly gatherings, along with mentorship and career growth. We believe in getting people to where they need to go.  This value extends beyond our business principles into Insikt’s internal career development philosophy.  As such, you will work closely with a highly-experienced management team to mentor you and help you achieve your personal career goals. Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . TermsHomebase DevOps Engineer Engineering San Francisco, CA, United States Our mission is to make hourly work easier for local businesses and their employees.  As former hourly workers ourselves, we get the struggles teams face and build our products with empathy to banish paperwork and time consuming daily tasks (like scheduling, timesheet management, or team messaging). Today, more than 60,000 local businesses rely on our collective data and expertise to better control the hours in their week and the dollars in their pocket.  We are in the early stages of what we will accomplish as a company, and we are just getting started.  The team brings local business expertise from Intuit, Square, OpenTable, Yelp, and First Data. Based in San Francisco and Houston, Homebase is backed by leading venture investors Baseline Ventures, Cowboy Ventures, and Khosla Ventures. As a DevOps Engineer you are passionate about Reliability and great platforms that sing for our merchants and their employees as they do their work. You show your inspiration by bringing great technical ideas forward, influencing the Engineering team. You own uptime, physical infrastructure as well as development of core systems and applications. User satisfaction starts with Reliability! You’ll drive Site Reliability that is the foundation of our platform used  by thousands of our merchants and employees. You will contribute to the evolution of our current engineering strategy and development process. Your challenge will be to build to both maintain a high degree of stability in the platform and also to build efficient and scalable tools and processes that directly benefits the Engineering team overall. Who you are and what you do:  2+ years industry experience as Software engineer and operations experience in commercial Linux environments. Track record of practical problem solving, excellent communication, and documentation skills. Experience maintaining AWS infrastructure. Configuration management (chef/puppet). Linux and bash familiarity, process monitoring. Open source software familiarity and configuration(nagios/munin/haproxy etc). Metrics and monitoring, database optimization. Rails stack understanding, scaling issues, caching. Experience administering Postgresql databases. Monitor and automate processes. Participate in a 24×7 on-call rotation.  Homebase is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, sex, protected veteran status, or disability. Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms                                              1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Lead/Principal Network Security Developer, Infrastructure Security     Job Category:   Technical Operations     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ) US - Washington - Bellevue     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job          The Security team at Salesforce is building a brand new platform for network segmentation and access control of inter-service communication. We are looking at a state-of-the-art framework that provides automated translation from user specifications of service access rules to various access control points in our cloud infrastructure where these rules are enforced. This control platform spawns different networking layers (from containers, VMs, physical servers and networking devices) and technologies (network segmentation, firewalls, hypervisor  and tenants controls).  This is a great opportunity for engineers that want a comprehensive technical growth as it involves developing skills on three coordinates:  - Security: experimenting with access control/packet filtering techniques and kernel modules, managing and monitoring communication among services.  - Networking: exploring and implementing solutions at various OSI layers and devices, from physical hosts to containers to network switches.  - Development: architecting and coding solutions at kernel/hypervisor level, as well as microservices in OOO languages (Golang, Python, etc.).   Responsibilities    Designing and implementing networking access management solutions (software or hardware-based) across different technological stacks (physical devices, bare metal OS, hypervisors, VMs, Docker containers) in Salesforce’s private and public clouds   Optimizing access control management from policy declaration to enforcement points (network ACLs, host and device-based firewalls, etc.)   Researching and implementing new networking security solutions and platforms for service communication and access management (intra and inter-clouds, WAN)   Performing datacenter network architecture security assessments and architecting IaaS/PaaS platforms to harden security and availability posture   Developing and managing production services that support network security infrastructure in a full DevOps model    Requirements    8+ years of technical experience, including:   3+ years experience in network security development   3+ years experience in a high-availability 24x7x365 environment (cloud platforms are a plus)    Hands-on expertise in network security development, at one or more levels   Linux kernel: netfilter, nftables/iptables, BPF, XDP, netmap, ipsec   Hypervisor/Container controls: KVM modules, OpenStack (Neutron, Calico), Docker CNM   Security platforms: DDoS prevention, RBAC, VPC, VPN, IDS   Hardware: switch ACLs, stateful firewalls, network segmentation, security zones    Proficiency in Unix/Linux systems (e.g., CentOS, RHEL, or similar)    Desired Skills/Experience    M.Sc/M.Eng in Computer Science/Engineering or B.A/B.Sc. in same disciplines with equivalent years of experience   Expertise in OSI model, networking investigations and tools (transport, routing and discovery protocols, packet inspection and flow troubleshooting)   Hands-on proficiency in building datacenter (security) network infrastructure, especially for large cloud IaaS (host bootstrap to data lifecycle, Clos architecture, PoPs)   Competence in software-based network technologies (SLB, SDN, VXLAN, VPN)   Experience working with systems from one or more of the following platforms:   Software: OpenStack, Docker, VMWare, Illumio   Hardware: Palo Alto, Fortinet, Arista, Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, Force 10, F5 Networks, Gigamon.    Proven track of building large-scale PaaS/IaaS, leveraging well-known distributed systems technologies (Paxos, Raft, Zookeeper, Kafka, RabbitMQ, MongoDB, etc.)   Command over high-availability design, including multi-site routing, peering, and disaster recovery applications and network architectures   DevOps mindset and full code ownership (design, code, test, deploy, monitor, maintain)   Automation/scripting skills for configuration management/monitoring (Puppet, bash )    Competence in networking programming and debugging   Proficiency in at least one of the following programming languages: Golang, Java, C/C++, Python     Company Overview: Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” five years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.   *LI-Y         Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Lead/Principal Network Security Developer, Infrastructure Security position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today               Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Connect       Job Search  Apply Now       WWW.wipro.com    CONTACT US   Global      Go to Wipro in your region   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India      Americas  Latam  Africa  Europe  India  Asean  ANZ            Careers         Who we are       About Wipro  Benefits of Joining  Leadership Careers  Sales Careers  Technology Careers  Consulting Careers    Corporate Functions Careers   Business Process Services Careers   Digital Careers  Campus      Who we are Wipro offers challenging assignments and a world-class working environment.     Meet our people   Our Culture       Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability      Our Culture We strive to create an open, engaging and employee-friendly workplace.      Campus       Engineering  MBAs  Science Graduates  WASE  WiSTA  GIS  Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global      Campus Discover an exciting world full of opportunities      Work with us       Job Search  Apply Now    GLOBAL   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India       Work with us Discover the opportunity that suits you best.      Staffing Partners       Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process      Staffing Partners We partner with the best, to get the best.      Help center       Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  Fraud Awarness  FAQs       Help center At Wipro we are always there to help you grow, learn and reach your potential.         Global      Go to Wipro in your region   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India                Work with us  Discover the opportunity that suits you best.      Job Search |  Apply Now  |  Africa  |  Americas  |  ANZ  |  Asean  |  Continental Europe  |  LATAM  |  India    Home > Work with us > Job Details         Tech Lead - Application Modernization CONSUMER BUSINESS UNIT San Francisco Experience : 5-8 YEARS Job Code : 549778 Back  Share This Job        Fill in your details to apply.  Fields marked with * are mandatory    Upload Your Resume     *  (Attach only doc,docx,pdf,html, rtf,txt and size less than 2MB)   Upload Resume     First Name    *     Last Name    *     Email Id    *     Contact Number    *     Experience     Select Years  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  19  20  21  22  23  24  25  26  27  28  29  30  31  32  33  34  35  36  37  38  39  40      Select Months  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11    *     Current Organization    *     Expected Annual Salary (with currency)        Select Currency  AED  Argentine Pesos  AUD  Bahraini Dinar  BEF  Brazilian Real  Burmese Kyat  CANADIAN$  CHF  Chilean Peso  China Yuan Renminbi  COLOMBIAN PESOS  Czech Koruna  Danish Krone  DEM  Dirham  Egyptian Pound  Euro  FIM  French Franc  FRF  GBP  GBP-Pound  Hong Kong Dollar  HUF  IDR  INR  Iranian Riyal  Israeli Shekel  ITL  JPY  KAZAKHSTAN  Kenyan Shilling  Korean Won  KRW  Kuwaiti dinar  KZT  LKR  Malaysia Ringgits  Mauritian Rupee  Mexico Pesos  Newzeland$  Nigerian naira  Norwegian Krone  Omani Rial  PEN  Philippines Currency  - PHP  PKR  PLN  Qatar Riyal  Qatari Riyals  RMB  RON  Russian Ruble  Saudi Arabian Riyal  SEK  SGD  South Africa Rand  Thai Baht  Tunisian Dinar  Turkish Lira  TWD  Ugandan Shillings  Ukrainian Hryvna  USD  VND    *     Notice Period     Select Notice Period  Immediate  15 Days  1 Month  2 Months  3 Months  >3 Months    *     Resident Country     Select Country  Algeria  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belgium  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia  Brazil  Bulgaria  Cameroon  Canada  Cayman Islands  Chad  Chile  China  Colombia  Congo  Costa Rica  Croatia  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Dominican Rep.  Douglas  Egypt  El Salvador  Ethiopia  Europe  Fiji  Finland  France  Gabon  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Guam  Guatemala  Guinea  Honduras  Hong Kong  Hungary  India  Indonesia  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Latvia  Lebanon  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Malta  Mauretania  Mauritius  Mexico  Morocco  Mozambique  Myanmar  Nepal  Netherlands  New Zealand  Nigeria  No Preference  North Korea  Norway  Oman  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Poland  Portugal  Puerto Rico  Qatar  Rumania  Russian Fed.  Rwanda  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Singapore  Slovakia  South Africa  South Korea  Spain  Sri Lanka  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Thailand  Trinidad,Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Uganda  Ukraine  United Kingdom  USA  Utd.Arab.Emir.  Vatican City  Venezuela  Vietnam  Zambia    *       Working In the USA  Are you currently authorized to work for Wipro in the USA?     Yes      No     Do you now, or will you in the future, require sponsorship by Wipro (or any employer) to be authorized to work in the United States?     Yes      No     This position is for a roving employee . The employee must be willing to relocate as business needs demand. Would you be willing to relocate during the course of your employment?     Yes      No       The below fields are not mandatory. You can choose to skip and go to the bottom of the form to directly upload your resume.  Residential Address In USA   Address Line 1         Address Line 2         City         State     Select Location  Abington - Connecticut  Abington - Massachusetts  Abington - Pennsylvania  Accord  Acworth  Adair Village  Addicks Barker  Addison - Alabama  Addison - Illinois  Addison - Maine  Addison - Michigan  Addison - New York  Addison - Texas  Adelaide  Agana  Agana Heights  Agat  Aiken  Ajo  Akiachak  Akron  Alameda  Albany - California  Albany - Georgia  Albany - Illinois  Albany - Indiana  Albany - Kentucky  Albany - Louisiana  Albany - Minnesota  Albany - Missouri  Albany - New York  Albany - Ohio  Albany - Oklahoma  Albany - Oregon  Albany - Texas  Albany - Vermont  Albany - Wisconsin  Albuquerque  Alexandria - Tennessee  Alexandria - Virginia  Algonquin  Aliso Viejo  Allentown  Alma  Alpharetta  Alpine  Alviso  Alviso San Jose  American Canyon  Amherst  Anaheim  Anaheim  Anaheim  Anchorage  Anchorage  Anderson  Andover - Connecticut  Andover - Illinois  Andover - Iowa  Andover - Kansas  Andover - Maine  Andover - Massachusetts  Andover - New Hampshire  Andover - New Jersey  Andover - New York  Andover - Ohio  Andover - South Dakota  Andover - Virginia  Ann Arbor  Annapolis  Anoka  Antioch  Applegate  Appleton - Minnesota  Appleton - Wisconsin  Arcadia  Arden Hills  Argyle  Arlington - Alabama  Arlington - Arizona  Arlington - Colorado  Arlington - Georgia  Arlington - Illinois  Arlington - Indiana  Arlington - Iowa  Arlington - Kansas  Arlington - Kentucky  Arlington - Massachusetts  Arlington - Minnesota  Arlington - Nebraska  Arlington - Ohio  Arlington - Oregon  Arlington - South Dakota  Arlington - Tennessee  Arlington - Texas  Arlington - Vermont  Arlington - Virginia  Arlington - Washington  Arlington - Wisconsin  Arlington Heights  Arvada  Asan  Ashburn - Georgia  Ashburn - Missouri  Ashburn - Virginia  Ashland  Ashley  Athens - Alabama  Athens - Georgia  Athens - Illinois  Athens - Indiana  Athens - Louisiana  Athens - Maine  Athens - Michigan  Athens - New York  Athens - Ohio  Athens - Tennessee  Athens - Texas  Athens - West Virginia  Athens - Wisconsin  Atlanta - Georgia  Atlanta - Idaho  Atlanta - Illinois  Atlanta - Indiana  Atlanta - Kansas  Atlanta - Louisiana  Atlanta - Michigan  Atlanta - Missouri  Atlanta - Nebraska  Atlanta - New York  Atlanta - Texas  Auburn - Alabama  Auburn - Georgia  Auburn - Illinois  Auburn - Indiana  Auburn - Iowa  Auburn - Kansas  Auburn - Kentucky  Auburn - Maine  Auburn - Massachusetts  Auburn - Michigan  Auburn - Nebraska  Auburn - New Hampshire  Auburn - New York  Auburn - Washington  Auburn - West Virginia  Auburn - Wyoming  Auburn Hills  Auburndale  Augusta  Aurora - Colorado  Aurora - Illinois  Aurora - Indiana  Aurora - Iowa  Aurora - Kansas  Aurora - Maine  Aurora - Minnesota  Aurora - Missouri  Aurora - Nebraska  Aurora - New York  Aurora - North Carolina  Aurora - Ohio  Aurora - Oregon  Aurora - South Dakota  Aurora - Utah  Aurora - West Virginia  Austell  Austin - Arkansas  Austin - Colorado  Austin - Indiana  Austin - Kentucky  Austin - Minnesota  Austin - Nevada  Austin - Texas  Avenel  Avon  Avon By The Sea  Avondale  Bakersfield  Ballwin  Baltimore  Bannockburn  Bardstown  Barrigada  Barrington  Bartlett  Basking Ridge  Batesville - Arkansas  Batesville - Indiana  Batesville - Mississippi  Batesville - Texas  Batesville - Virginia  Baton Rouge  Battle Creek  Baudette  Bayonne  Beachwood  Bear  Beaumont  Beaver - Alaska  Beaver - Arkansas  Beaver - Iowa  Beaver - Kansas  Beaver - Kentucky  Beaver - Ohio  Beaver - Oklahoma  Beaver - Oregon  Beaver - Utah  Beaver - Washington  Beaver - West Virginia  Beaverton - Alabama  Beaverton - Michigan  Beaverton - Oregon  Bedford - New Hampshire  Bedford - Texas  Bedminster  Bel Aire  Belle Mead  Belleville - Arkansas  Belleville - Illinois  Belleville - Kansas  Belleville - Michigan  Belleville - New Jersey  Belleville - New York  Belleville - West Virginia  Belleville - Wisconsin  Bellevue - Idaho  Bellevue - Iowa  Bellevue - Kentucky  Bellevue - Michigan  Bellevue - Nebraska  Bellevue - Ohio  Bellevue - Texas  Bellevue - Washington  Bellingham  Belmont  Beltsville  Bend  Bennett Springs  Bensalem  Benton Harbor  Bentonville  Berea  Berkeley Heights  Berlin Township  Bethesda  Bethlehem - Connecticut  Bethlehem - Georgia  Bethlehem - Indiana  Bethlehem - Kentucky  Bethlehem - Maryland  Bethlehem - New Hampshire  Bethlehem - Pennsylvania  Bethlehem - South Dakota  Beverly  Big Rock  Billerica  Binghamton  Birmingham - Alabama  Bismarck  Black Jack  Blacklick  Blaine  Bloomfield  Bloomingdale  Bloomington - California  Bloomington - Idaho  Bloomington - Illinois  Bloomington - Indiana  Bloomington - Maryland  Bloomington - Minnesota  Bloomington - Minnesota  Bloomington - Nebraska  Bloomington - New York  Bloomington - Texas  Bloomington - Wisconsin  Blue Ash  Boca Raton  Bohemia  Boise  Bolingbrook  Bolton  Bonita Springs  Booth  Bosler  Boston - Georgia  Boston - Indiana  Boston - Kentucky  Boston - Massachusetts  Boston - New York  Boston - Virginia  Bothell  Bottineau  Boulder - Colorado  Boulder - Montana  Boulder - Utah  Boulder - Wyoming  Boulevard  Bowling Green  Boxborough  Boynton Beach  Braintree  Brant Rock  Brea  Breckenridge  Bremen  Bremerton  Brenham  Brentwood  Briarwood  Bridgeport  Bridgewater  Brighton  Brisbane - California  Bristol - Connecticut  Brockton - Massachusetts  Brockton - Montana  Broken Arrow  Bronxville  Brookfield  Brooklyn - New York  Brooklyn - Ohio  Brooklyn Center  Brooklyn Park  Broomfield  Brownstown  Buena Park  Buffalo - Illinois  Buffalo - Indiana  Buffalo - Iowa  Buffalo - Kansas  Buffalo - Kentucky  Buffalo - Minnesota  Buffalo - Missouri  Buffalo - Montana  Buffalo - New York  Buffalo - North Dakota  Buffalo - Ohio  Buffalo - Oklahoma  Buffalo - South Carolina  Buffalo - South Dakota  Buffalo - Texas  Buffalo - West Virginia  Buffalo - Wyoming  Buffalo Grove  Buford  Burbank  Burien  Burlington - Colorado  Burlington - Connecticut  Burlington - Illinois  Burlington - Indiana  Burlington - Iowa  Burlington - Kansas  Burlington - Kentucky  Burlington - Maine  Burlington - Massachusetts  Burlington - Michigan  Burlington - New Jersey  Burlington - North Carolina  Burlington - North Dakota  Burlington - Oklahoma  Burlington - Texas  Burlington - Vermont  Burlington - Washington  Burlington - West Virginia  Burlington - Wisconsin  Burlington - Wyoming  Burnsville  Buskirk  Calabasas  Caledonia  California  California - Kentucky  California - Maryland  California - Missouri  California - Missouri  Calvert  Camarillo  Camas  Cambridge  Camden  Canehill  Canonsburg  Canton - Georgia  Canton - Massachusetts  Canton - Michigan  Carle Place  Carlisle - Massachusetts  Carlisle - Pennsylvania  Carlsbad  Carmel - California  Carmel - Indiana  Carmel - Maine  Carmel - New York  Carmichael  Carrington  Carrollton - Georgia  Carrollton - Texas  Carteret  Carver  Cary - Illinois  Cary - Mississippi  Cary - North Carolina  Castroville  Cavalier  Cedar City  Cedar Grove  Cedar Rapids - Iowa  Cedar Rapids - Nebraska  Centennial  Center City  Center Valley  Centerton  Central Islip  Cerritos  Chalan Pago  Chambersburg  Champaign  Chandler - Arizona  Chandler - Indiana  Chandler - Minnesota  Chandler - Oklahoma  Chandler - Texas  Chanhassen  Chantilly  Chapel Hill  Charleston  Charlestown  Charlotte - Arkansas  Charlotte - Iowa  Charlotte - Michigan  Charlotte - North Carolina  Charlotte - Tennessee  Charlotte - Texas  Charlotte - Vermont  Charlottesville  Chattanooga  Chelmsford  Cheshire  Chesterfield - Missouri  Chesterfield - Virginia  Chevy Chase  Chicago  Chino  Christiansted  Chula Vista  Cincinnati - Iowa  Cincinnati - Ohio  Citrus Heights  Clark  Clarksville  Clearwater - Florida  Clearwater - Kansas  Clearwater - Minnesota  Clearwater - Nebraska  Clearwater - South Carolina  Cleveland  Cleveland - Alabama  Cleveland - Arkansas  Cleveland - Georgia  Cleveland - Minnesota  Cleveland - Mississippi  Cleveland - New Mexico  Cleveland - New York  Cleveland - North Carolina  Cleveland - North Dakota  Cleveland - Ohio  Cleveland - Oklahoma  Cleveland - South Carolina  Cleveland - Tennessee  Cleveland - Texas  Cleveland - Utah  Cleveland - Virginia  Cleveland - West Virginia  Cleveland - Wisconsin  Clifton  Clinton Township  Clyde  Coalinga  Cocoa  Collegeville  Colleyville  Collierville  Colmar  Colorado  Colorado Springs  Columbia - Maryland  Columbia Heights  Columbus - Arkansas  Columbus - Georgia  Columbus - Illinois  Columbus - Indiana  Columbus - Kansas  Columbus - Kentucky  Columbus - Michigan  Columbus - Mississippi  Columbus - Montana  Columbus - Nebraska  Columbus - New Jersey  Columbus - New Mexico  Columbus - North Carolina  Columbus - North Dakota  Columbus - Ohio  Columbus - Texas  Columbus - Wisconsin  Commack  Concord  Conshohocken  Conway  Conyers  Cooperstown  Coppell  Coral Gables  Coral Springs  Coralville  Cordova - Alabama  Cordova - Alaska  Cordova - Illinois  Cordova - Maryland  Cordova - Nebraska  Cordova - New Mexico  Cordova - North Carolina  Cordova - South Carolina  Cordova - Tennessee  Corning  Corona  Corvallis - Montana  Corvallis - Oregon  Costa Mesa  Cottage Grove  Cottleville  Covington - Georgia  Covington - Louisiana  Cranbury  Crystal Lake  Culver City  Cumberland  Cumming  Cupertino  Cypress - California  Cypress - Texas  Dacula  Dallas  Dallas - Georgia  Dallas - Iowa  Dallas - North Carolina  Dallas - Oregon  Dallas - South Dakota  Dallas - Texas  Dallas - West Virginia  Dallas - Wisconsin  Danbury - Connecticut  Danbury - Iowa  Danbury - Nebraska  Danbury - New Hampshire  Danbury - North Carolina  Danbury - Texas  Danbury - Wisconsin  Danvers  Dardenne  Davenport  Davidson  Davie  Davison  Dayton - Nevada  Dayton - New Jersey  Dayton City  Daytona Beach  De Pere  Dearborn  Decatur - Georgia  Decatur - Illinois  Dededo  Deer Park  Deerfield - Illinois  Deerfield - Kansas  Deerfield - Massachusetts  Deerfield - Michigan  Deerfield - Missouri  Deerfield - New Hampshire  Deerfield - Ohio  Deerfield - Virginia  Deerfield - Wisconsin  Del Rey Oaks  Delaware  Delray Beach  Denison  Denton  Denver  Denver - Colorado  Denver - Indiana  Denver - Iowa  Denver - Kentucky  Denver - Missouri  Denver - New York  Denver - North Carolina  Denver - Tennessee  Denville  Des Moines  Des Moines - Iowa  Des Moines - New Mexico  Des Plaines  Destin  Detroit - Alabama  Detroit - Illinois  Detroit - Maine  Detroit - Michigan  Detroit - Oregon  Detroit - Texas  Devils Lake  Dickinson  Donelson  Douglasville  Dover - Delaware  Downers Grove  Dublin - California  Dublin - Georgia  Dublin - Indiana  Dublin - Mississippi  Dublin - New Hampshire  Dublin - North Carolina  Dublin - Ohio  Dublin - Texas  Dublin - Virginia  Dubuque  Duluth  Duncan  Dunedin  Dunkirk  Dunwoody  Durham - California  Durham - Connecticut  Durham - Kansas  Durham - Maine  Durham - Missouri  Durham - New Hampshire  Durham - New York  Durham - North Carolina  Durham - Oklahoma  Eagan - Minnesota  Eagan - Tennessee  East Aurora  East Brunswick  East Hanover  East Hartford  East Meadow  East Northport  East Norwalk  East Peoria  East Syracuse  Eastpointe  Eatontown  Eden Prairie  Edgewater  Edina - Minnesota  Edina - Missouri  Edison  Edwardsville  El Paso - Arkansas  El Paso - Illinois  El Paso - Texas  El Segundo  Elizabeth  Elk Grove Village  Elkhart  Ellendale  Ellenwood  Elmwood Park  Elyria  Emeryville  Empire State  Encino  Endicott  Englewood - Colorado  Englewood - Florida  Englewood - Kansas  Englewood - New Jersey  Englewood - Ohio  Englewood - Tennessee  Englewood Cliffs  Enumclaw  Erie  Erlanger  Escanaba  Escondido  Eugene - Missouri  Eugene - Oregon  Euless  Evansville - Arkansas  Evansville - Illinois  Evansville - Indiana  Evansville - Minnesota  Evansville - Wisconsin  Evansville - Wyoming  Everett - Massachusetts  Everett - Washington  Evergreen  Fair Oaks  Fairbanks  Fairfax  Falls Church  Falmouth  Fargo - Georgia  Fargo - North Dakota  Fargo - Oklahoma  Fargo - Washington  Farmers Branch  Farmington - Arkansas  Farmington - Connecticut  Farmington - Delaware  Farmington - Georgia  Farmington - Illinois  Farmington - Iowa  Farmington - Kentucky  Farmington - Maine  Farmington - Michigan  Farmington - Minnesota  Farmington - Missouri  Farmington - New Hampshire  Farmington - New Mexico  Farmington - New York  Farmington - Utah  Farmington - Washington  Farmington - West Virginia  Farmington Hills  Federal Way  Federal Way  Fertility  Findlay  Fishers  Fishkill  Flanders  Flemington  Flint - Michigan  Flint - Texas  Floral Park  Florence  Florham Park  Flower Mound  Folsom - California  Folsom - Louisiana  Folsom - New Mexico  Folsom - West Virginia  Foothill Ranch  Ford  Fords  Forest  Forest Park  Fort Collins  Fort Lauderdale  Fort Mill  Fort Myers  Fort Wayne  Fort Worth  Foster City  Fountain Hills  Fountain Valley  Fox Lake  Foxboro  Framingham  Franklin - Alabama  Franklin - Arkansas  Franklin - Georgia  Franklin - Idaho  Franklin - Illinois  Franklin - Indiana  Franklin - Kansas  Franklin - Kentucky  Franklin - Louisiana  Franklin - Maine  Franklin - Massachusetts  Franklin - Michigan  Franklin - Minnesota  Franklin - Missouri  Franklin - Nebraska  Franklin - New Hampshire  Franklin - New Jersey  Franklin - New York  Franklin - North Carolina  Franklin - Ohio  Franklin - Tennessee  Franklin - Texas  Franklin - Vermont  Franklin - Virginia  Franklin - West Virginia  Franklin - Wisconsin  Franklin Lakes  Franklin Park - Illinois  Franklin Park - New Jersey  Frederick  Fredericktown  Frederiksted  Freehold - New Jersey  Freehold - New York  Fremont - California  Fremont - Michigan  Fridley  Friendswood  Frisco  Fullerton  Gainesville - Georgia  Gainesville - Texas  Gaithersburg  Garden City - Alabama  Garden City - Iowa  Garden City - Kansas  Garden City - Louisiana  Garden City - Michigan  Garden City - Minnesota  Garden City - Missouri  Garden City - New York  Garden City - South Dakota  Garden City - Texas  Garden City - Utah  Gardner  Garland  Garyville  Gastonia  Georgia  Germantown - Illinois  Germantown - Kentucky  Germantown - Maryland  Germantown - New York  Germantown - Wisconsin  Gig Harbor  Gilroy  Glen Allen - Alabama  Glen Allen - Virginia  Glen Ellyn  Glen Mills  Glenarden  Glencoe  Glendale  Gloucester - Massachusetts  Glyndon  Gonzales  Goodyear  Grafton - Massachusetts  Grafton - North Dakota  Grand Blanc  Grand Forks  Grand Island  Grand Prairie  Grand Rapids - Michigan  Grand Rapids - Minnesota  Grapevine  Gravette  Grayslake  Green Bay  Green Village  Greencastle  Greensboro - Alabama  Greensboro - Florida  Greensboro - Georgia  Greensboro - Indiana  Greensboro - Maryland  Greensboro - North Carolina  Greensboro - Vermont  Greenville - Alabama  Greenville - Florida  Greenville - Georgia  Greenville - Illinois  Greenville - Indiana  Greenville - Iowa  Greenville - Kentucky  Greenville - Maine  Greenville - Michigan  Greenville - Mississippi  Greenville - Missouri  Greenville - New Hampshire  Greenville - New York  Greenville - North Carolina  Greenville - Rhode Island  Greenville - South Carolina  Greenville - Texas  Greenville - Utah  Greenville - Virginia  Greenville - West Virginia  Greenville - Wisconsin  Greenwich  Greer  Grosse Pointe  Groton  Gurnee  Hackensack  Hagerstown  Half Moon Bay  Hamden  Hammond  Hampton  Hanover  Hanover - Massachusetts  Hanover - Minnesota  Hardy  Harmon  Harrisburg  Harrison  Harrisonville  Hartford - Alabama  Hartford - Arkansas  Hartford - California  Hartford - Connecticut  Hartford - Illinois  Hartford - Iowa  Hartford - Kansas  Hartford - Kentucky  Hartford - Michigan  Hartford - New York  Hartford - South Dakota  Hartford - Tennessee  Hartford - Vermont  Hartford - West Virginia  Hartford - Wisconsin  Hartselle  Harvey  Hauppauge  Hawarden  Hazelwood - Missouri  Hazelwood - North Carolina  Hebron  Helena  Henderson  Hendersonville  Hermitage  Herndon - Kansas  Herndon - Kentucky  Herndon - Virginia  Herndon - West Virginia  Hettinger  Hialeah  Hickory  Hickory Grove  Hicksville  Highland - Indiana  Highland - Michigan  Highland Heights  Highland Park  Highland Village  Hightstown  Hillsboro - Alabama  Hillsboro - Georgia  Hillsboro - Illinois  Hillsboro - Indiana  Hillsboro - Iowa  Hillsboro - Kansas  Hillsboro - Kentucky  Hillsboro - Maryland  Hillsboro - Mississippi  Hillsboro - Missouri  Hillsboro - New Hampshire  Hillsboro - New Mexico  Hillsboro - North Dakota  Hillsboro - Oregon  Hillsboro - Tennessee  Hillsboro - Texas  Hillsboro - West Virginia  Hillsboro - Wisconsin  Hillside  Hilmar  Hingham  Hinsdale  Hiram  Hobe Sound  Hoboken - Georgia  Hoboken - New Jersey  Hoffman Estates  Holland - Indiana  Holland - Iowa  Holland - Kentucky  Holland - Massachusetts  Holland - Michigan  Holland - Minnesota  Holland - Missouri  Holland - New York  Holland - Texas  Holly  Holly Springs  Hollywood  Holmdel  Honea Path  Honeoye Falls  Hoover  Hopkins  Hopkinton - Iowa  Hopkinton - Massachusetts  Hopkinton - Rhode Island  Horsham  Houston  Houston - Alabama  Houston - Alaska  Houston - Arkansas  Houston - Delaware  Houston - Minnesota  Houston - Mississippi  Houston - Missouri  Houston - Texas  Houston - Texas  Hudson  Hughesville - Maryland  Hughesville - Missouri  Huntsville - Alabama  Huntsville - Arkansas  Huntsville - Illinois  Huntsville - Kentucky  Huntsville - Missouri  Huntsville - Tennessee  Huntsville - Texas  Huntsville - Utah  Hyattsville  Inarajan  Incline Village  Indianapolis  Indianola  Iowa City  Irvine - California  Irvine - Kentucky  Irving - Illinois  Irving - New York  Irving - Texas  Iselin  Islandia  Issaquah  Itasca  Jackson  Jacksonville - Alabama  Jacksonville - Arkansas  Jacksonville - Florida  Jacksonville - Georgia  Jacksonville - Illinois  Jacksonville - Missouri  Jacksonville - New York  Jacksonville - North Carolina  Jacksonville - Oregon  Jacksonville - Texas  Jacksonville - Vermont  Jacksonville Beach  Jamestown - North Dakota  Jamestown - Rhode Island  Jefferson City  Jenkinsburg  Jersey City - New Jersey  Jersey City - New York  Johns Creek  Jonesboro  Juno Beach  Jupiter  Kalamazoo  Kansas City - Kansas  Kansas City - Missouri  Katy  Kearney  Keene - California  Keene - Kentucky  Keene - New Hampshire  Keene - New York  Keene - North Dakota  Keene - Texas  Keene - Virginia  Keller  Kendall Park  Kennesaw  Kenosha  Kent  Kenton  Kentucky  Killen  King  King Of Prussia  Kings Mountain  Kingshill  Kinston  Kirkland - Arizona  Kirkland - Illinois  Kirkland - Texas  Kirkland - Washington  Knightdale  La Palma  La Porte  La Vergne  Lafayette  Lagrange  Laguna Hills  Laguna Niguel  Lake Forest - California  Lake Forest - Illinois  Lake Hiawatha  Lake Orion  Lake Saint Louis  Lakeland  Lakewood  Lakewood Village  Lakota  Lamoure  Lancaster - California  Lancaster - Illinois  Lancaster - Kansas  Lancaster - Kentucky  Lancaster - Massachusetts  Lancaster - Minnesota  Lancaster - Missouri  Lancaster - New Hampshire  Lancaster - New York  Lancaster - Pennsylvania  Lancaster - South Carolina  Lancaster - Tennessee  Lancaster - Texas  Lancaster - Virginia  Lancaster - Wisconsin  Land O Lakes  Langdon  Lansdale  Laramie  Larchmont  Las Vegas - Nevada  Las Vegas - New Mexico  Latham  Laurel  Lavon  Lawrence  Lawrenceburg  Lawrenceville  League City  Leawood  Lebanon  Lehigh Valley  Lemon Grove  Lenexa  Leonia  Lewis Center  Lewisville  Lexington - Alabama  Lexington - Georgia  Lexington - Illinois  Lexington - Indiana  Lexington - Kentucky  Lexington - Massachusetts  Lexington - Michigan  Lexington - Mississippi  Lexington - Missouri  Lexington - Nebraska  Lexington - New York  Lexington - North Carolina  Lexington - Oklahoma  Lexington - Oregon  Lexington - South Carolina  Lexington - Tennessee  Lexington - Texas  Lexington - Virginia  Libertyville - Illinois  Libertyville - Iowa  Lilburn  Lincoln - Nebraska  Lincoln - Rhode Island  Lincolnshire  Lincroft  Linden - Alabama  Linden - Indiana  Linden - Iowa  Linden - Michigan  Linden - New Jersey  Linden - North Carolina  Linden - Tennessee  Linden - Texas  Linden - Virginia  Linden - West Virginia  Linden - Wisconsin  Lineville  Linton  Lisbon - North Dakota  Lisle  Lithonia  Little Canada  Little Falls  Little Rock - Arkansas  Little Rock - Iowa  Little Rock - Mississippi  Little Rock - South Carolina  Littlestown  Littleton  Liverpool - New York  Livingston  Lodi  Lombard  London - Kentucky  Lone Tree  Long Beach  Long Grove  Long Island City  Long View  Longmont  Longview - Illinois  Longview - Texas  Longview - Washington  Longwood  Los Altos Hills  Los Angeles  Los Banos  Los Gatos  Louisville - Alabama  Louisville - Alabama  Louisville - Colorado  Louisville - Georgia  Louisville - Illinois  Louisville - Kansas  Louisville - Kentucky  Louisville - Mississippi  Louisville - Nebraska  Louisville - Tennessee  Lowell - Arkansas  Lowell - Florida  Lowell - Indiana  Lowell - Massachusetts  Lowell - Michigan  Lowell - North Carolina  Lowell - Oregon  Lowell - Vermont  Lowell - Wisconsin  Lynchburg  Lyndhurst - New Jersey  Lyndhurst - Virginia  Lynnwood  Mableton  Madison - Alabama  Madison - Arkansas  Madison - Connecticut  Madison - Florida  Madison - Georgia  Madison - Illinois  Madison - Indiana  Madison - Kansas  Madison - Maine  Madison - Maryland  Madison - Minnesota  Madison - Mississippi  Madison - Missouri  Madison - Nebraska  Madison - New Hampshire  Madison - New Jersey  Madison - New York  Madison - North Carolina  Madison - South Dakota  Madison - Tennessee  Madison - Virginia  Madison - West Virginia  Madison - Wisconsin  Mahwah  Malden  Malvern  Mancelona  Manchester - Connecticut  Manchester - Massachusetts  Mandan  Mangilao  Manhattan  Manhattan Beach  Mansfield - Arkansas  Mansfield - Georgia  Mansfield - Illinois  Mansfield - Louisiana  Mansfield - Massachusetts  Mansfield - Missouri  Mansfield - Ohio  Mansfield - South Dakota  Mansfield - Tennessee  Mansfield - Texas  Mansfield - Washington  Maple Grove  Mapleton - Illinois  Mapleton - Iowa  Mapleton - Kansas  Mapleton - Maine  Mapleton - Minnesota  Mapleton - North Dakota  Mapleton - Oregon  Mapleton - Utah  Marietta  Marinette  Marlborough - Connecticut  Marlborough - Massachusetts  Marlborough - New Hampshire  Marshall  Marshall Town  Martin  Maryland Heights  Marysville - California  Marysville - Indiana  Marysville - Kansas  Marysville - Michigan  Marysville - Montana  Marysville - Ohio  Marysville - Washington  Mason - Illinois  Mason - Kentucky  Mason - Michigan  Mason - Ohio  Mason - Tennessee  Mason - Texas  Mason - West Virginia  Mason - Wisconsin  Matthews  Maumee  Mayfield  Mayfield Height  Mc Cordsville  Mc Kinney  Mc Lean - Illinois  Mc Lean - New York  Mc Lean - Virginia  Mcpherson  Meadows Place  Melville - Louisiana  Melville - Montana  Melville - New York  Memphis - Indiana  Memphis - Michigan  Memphis - Missouri  Memphis - Nebraska  Memphis - New York  Memphis - Tennessee  Memphis - Texas  Mendham  Menomonee Falls  Mercer Island  Meriden  Meridian  Merizo  Mesa  Mesquite  Miami - Arizona  Miami - Florida  Miami - Indiana  Miami - Missouri  Miami - New Mexico  Miami - Oklahoma  Miami - Texas  Miami - West Virginia  Middleton  Middletown - California  Middletown - Connecticut  Middletown - Delaware  Middletown - Illinois  Middletown - Indiana  Middletown - Iowa  Middletown - Maryland  Middletown - Missouri  Middletown - New Jersey  Middletown - New York  Middletown - New York  Middletown - Rhode Island  Middletown - Virginia  Midland - Georgia  Midland - Indiana  Midland - Maryland  Midland - Michigan  Midland - North Carolina  Midland - Texas  Midland - Virginia  Midlothian  Milford - Connecticut  Milford - Michigan  Milford Center  Millbrae  Milpitas  Milton  Milwaukee - North Carolina  Milwaukee - Wisconsin  Mineral - California  Mineral - Illinois  Mineral - Texas  Mineral - Virginia  Mineral - Washington  Minneapolis - Kansas  Minneapolis - Minnesota  Minneapolis - North Carolina  Minnetonka  Minot  Miramar  Missouri City  Mobile  Mohall  Monee  Mongmong  Monmouth  Monmouth Junction  Monroe  Monroeville  Monrovia - California  Monrovia - Indiana  Monrovia - Maryland  Monterey  Monterey Park  Montvale  Montville  Moon Township  Moorestown  Mooresville  Morgan Hill  Morgantown  Morganville  Morris Plains  Morristown - Arizona  Morristown - Indiana  Morristown - Minnesota  Morristown - New Jersey  Morristown - New York  Morristown - South Dakota  Morristown - Tennessee  Morrisville - Missouri  Morrisville - New York  Morrisville - North Carolina  Morrisville - Vermont  Morton  Mossville  Mound  Mounds View  Mount Ida  Mount Laurel  Mount Sterling  Mount Vernon  Mountain View - Arkansas  Mountain View - California  Mountain View - Hawaii  Mountain View - Missouri  Mountain View - Oklahoma  Mountain View - Wyoming  Mountlake Terrace  Mukilteo  Mundelein  Murfreesboro  Murray Hill  Murrysville  Muscatine  Muscoda  Nanuet  Napa  Naperville  Nashua - Iowa  Nashua - Minnesota  Nashua - Montana  Nashua - New Hampshire  Nashville - Arkansas  Nashville - Georgia  Nashville - Illinois  Nashville - Indiana  Nashville - Kansas  Nashville - Michigan  Nashville - North Carolina  Nashville - Tennessee  Natick  Nebraska City  Needham - Alabama  Needham - Indiana  Needham - Massachusetts  Needham Heights  Netcong  New Albany  New Berlin  New Bern  New Britain  New Brunswick  New Castle  New Century  New Fairfield  New Haven  New Jersey  New Jersey  New Milford  New Munster  New Orleans  New Orleans  New Port Richey  New Providence  New York  New York City - New Jersey  New York City - New York  Newark - Arkansas  Newark - Delaware  Newark - Illinois  Newark - Maryland  Newark - Missouri  Newark - New Jersey  Newark - New York  Newark - Texas  Newbury Park  Newnan  Newport - Arkansas  Newport - Indiana  Newport - Kentucky  Newport - Maine  Newport - Michigan  Newport - Minnesota  Newport - Nebraska  Newport - New Hampshire  Newport - New Jersey  Newport - New York  Newport - North Carolina  Newport - Oregon  Newport - Rhode Island  Newport - Tennessee  Newport - Vermont  Newport - Virginia  Newport - Washington  Newport Beach  Newton  Nicholasville  Niwot  Nolensville  Norcross  Norman  Norristown  North Andover  North Arlington  North Brunswick  North Canton - Connecticut  North Canton - Ohio  North Dakota  North Las Vegas  North Palm Beach  North Providence  North Quincy  North Richland Hills  Northborough  Northbrook  Northridge  Northvale  Norwalk  Norwich - Connecticut  Norwood - Colorado  Norwood - Georgia  Norwood - Louisiana  Norwood - Massachusetts  Norwood - Minnesota  Norwood - Missouri  Norwood - New Jersey  Norwood - New York  Norwood - North Carolina  Norwood - Virginia  Novi  O Fallon  O Fallon  O Fallon - Illinois  O Fallon - Missouri  Oak Brook  Oak Creek  Oak Park  Oak Ridge  Oakbrook Terrace  Oakes  Oakland - Arkansas  Oakland - California  Oakland - Florida  Oakland - Illinois  Oakland - Iowa  Oakland - Kentucky  Oakland - Maine  Oakland - Maryland  Oakland - Michigan  Oakland - Minnesota  Oakland - Mississippi  Oakland - Nebraska  Oakland - New Jersey  Oakland - Oregon  Oakland - Rhode Island  Oakland - Tennessee  Oakland - Texas  Ocala  Oceanside  Odessa  Okay  Okemos  Oklahoma City  Old Bridge  Old Greenwich  Old Westbury  Olympia  Omaha  Omaha - Georgia  Omaha - Illinois  Omaha - Nebraska  Omaha - Texas  Orange - California  Orange - Connecticut  Orange - New Jersey  Orchard Park  Orem  Oriskany  Orland Park  Orlando - Florida  Orlando - Kentucky  Orlando - Oklahoma  Orlando - West Virginia  Oshkosh  Ossining  Overland Park  Oxnard  Pacific  Pago Pago  Painted Post  Palatine  Palm Beach Gard  Palm Harbor  Palmyra - Illinois  Palmyra - Indiana  Palmyra - Maine  Palmyra - Michigan  Palmyra - Missouri  Palmyra - Nebraska  Palmyra - New Jersey  Palmyra - New York  Palmyra - North Carolina  Palmyra - Tennessee  Palmyra - Virginia  Palmyra - Wisconsin  Palo Alto  Park Rapids  Park Ridge  Parker  Parkland  Parlin  Parma  Parsippany  Pasadena  Paterson  Patoka  Pawtucket  Peabody  Peachtree City  Pearl River - Louisiana  Pearl River - New York  Pearland  Pelham  Pembroke Pines  Pendleton  Penfield  Peoria  Peshtigo  Petaluma  Pewaukee  Pflugerville  Philadelphia  Philadelphia - Mississippi  Philadelphia - New York  Philadelphia - Pennsylvania  Philadelphia - Tennessee  Phoenix - Arizona  Phoenix - Maryland  Phoenix - New York  Phoenix - Oregon  Pine Brook  Piscataway  Piti  Pittsboro  Pittsburgh  Pittsfield  Pittsford  Plain  Plainfield  Plainsboro  Plano - Illinois  Plano - Iowa  Plano - Texas  Plantation  Playa Vista  Pleasanton - California  Pleasanton - Texas  Pleasantville  Plymouth - Michigan  Plymouth - Minnesota  Pontiac - Illinois  Pontiac - Michigan  Pontiac - Missouri  PORTAGE  Portland - Arkansas  Portland - Connecticut  Portland - Indiana  Portland - Maine  Portland - Michigan  Portland - Missouri  Portland - New York  Portland - North Dakota  Portland - Oregon  Portland - Oregon  Portland - Tennessee  Portland - Texas  POUGHKEEPSIE  Poughkeepsie  Poway  Prairie View  Princeton - Alabama  Princeton - Idaho  Princeton - Illinois  Princeton - Indiana  Princeton - Iowa  Princeton - Kansas  Princeton - Kentucky  Princeton - Louisiana  Princeton - Maine  Princeton - Massachusetts  Princeton - Minnesota  Princeton - Missouri  Princeton - New Jersey  Princeton - North Carolina  Princeton - Oregon  Princeton - Texas  Princeton - West Virginia  Princeton - Wisconsin  Princeton Junction  Prineville  Prior Lake  Prospect Heights  Purchase  Quincy - California  Quincy - Illinois  Quincy - Indiana  Quincy - Kentucky  Quincy - Massachusetts  Quincy - Michigan  Quincy - Missouri  Quincy - Washington  Racine - Minnesota  Racine - Missouri  Racine - West Virginia  Racine - Wisconsin  Radnor  Raleigh - Illinois  Raleigh - Mississippi  Raleigh - North Carolina  Raleigh - North Dakota  Raleigh - West Virginia  Ramsey - Illinois  Ramsey - Indiana  Ramsey - New Jersey  Ramsey - West Virginia  Rancho Cordova  Rancho Santa Fe  Randolph - Alabama  Randolph - Iowa  Randolph - Kansas  Randolph - Maine  Randolph - Massachusetts  Randolph - Minnesota  Randolph - Mississippi  Randolph - Nebraska  Randolph - New Jersey  Randolph - New York  Randolph - Texas  Randolph - Utah  Randolph - Vermont  Randolph - Virginia  Randolph - Wisconsin  Raritan  Rathdrum  Raymond  Reading - Pennsylvania  Readington  Redendo Beach  Redford  Redlands  Redmond - Oregon  Redmond - Utah  Redmond - Washington  Redwood City  Refer To Job Description  Refer to Job Description  Renton  Reston  Rex  Rhode Island  Richardson  Richardson Dall  Richfield - Idaho  Richfield - Kansas  Richfield - Minnesota  Richfield - Nebraska  Richfield - North Carolina  Richfield - Ohio  Richfield - Utah  Richfield - Wisconsin  Richmond  Richmond - California  Richmond - Illinois  Richmond - Indiana  Richmond - Kansas  Richmond - Kentucky  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Massachusetts  Richmond - Michigan  Richmond - Minnesota  Richmond - Missouri  Richmond - Texas  Richmond - Utah  Richmond - Vermont  Richmond - Virginia  Richmond Dale  Ridgewood  Ringwood  Riverdale  Roanoke - Alabama  Roanoke - Illinois  Roanoke - Indiana  Roanoke - Louisiana  Roanoke - Texas  Roanoke - Virginia  Roanoke - West Virginia  Rochester - Illinois  Rochester - Indiana  Rochester - Kentucky  Rochester - Massachusetts  Rochester - Michigan  Rochester - Minnesota  Rochester - New Hampshire  Rochester - New York  Rochester - Texas  Rochester - Vermont  Rochester - Washington  Rochester - Wisconsin  Rockaway  Rocklin  Rockport  Rockville - Indiana  Rockville - Maryland  Rockville - Minnesota  Rockville - Missouri  Rockville - Nebraska  Rockville - Rhode Island  Rockville - Utah  Rockville - Virginia  Rockwall  Rocky Hill  Rocky Mount  Rogers  Rohnert Park  Rolling Meadows  Romeoville  Roseburg  Rosemount  Roseville  Roswell  Rota  Round Lake  Round Rock  Rowlett  Rtp Resrch Tri  Rutherford  Sacramento - California  Sacramento - Kentucky  Sacramento - New Mexico  Saddle Brook  Saddle River  Saint Charles - Illinois  Saint Charles - Missouri  Saint Clair Shores  Saint John  Saint Joseph  Saint Louis - Michigan  Saint Louis - Missouri  Saint Louis - Oklahoma  Saint Paul - Arkansas  Saint Paul - Indiana  Saint Paul - Iowa  Saint Paul - Kansas  Saint Paul - Kentucky  Saint Paul - Minnesota  Saint Paul - Nebraska  Saint Paul - Oregon  Saint Paul - Virginia  Saint Paul Park  Saint Peters  Saint Petersburg  Saint Thomas  Saipan  Salt Lake City  San Antonio - Florida  San Antonio - New Mexico  San Antonio - Puerto Rico  San Antonio - Texas  San Bruno  San Carlos  San Diego - California  San Diego - Texas  San Dimas  San Francisco  San Jose - California  San Jose - Illinois  San Jose - New Mexico  San Juan Capistrano  San Leandro  San Marcos  San Mateo  San Rafael - California  San Rafael - New Mexico  San Ramon  Sandston  Sandy  Santa Clara - California  Santa Clara - New Mexico  Santa Clara - Utah  Santa Cruz  Santa Monica  Santa Rita  Sarasota  Sayreville  Schaumburg  Schenectady  Scottdale  Scotts Valley  Scottsdale  Seabrook  Seattle  Secaucus  Sedalia  Seguin  Severn  Shakopee  Sharon  Sharpsburg  Shawnee Mission  Shelton  Shelton - Connecticut  Shelton - Washington  Shoreview  Short Hills  Shrewsbury  Sidney - Arkansas  Sidney - Illinois  Sidney - Indiana  Sidney - Iowa  Sidney - Kentucky  Sidney - Michigan  Sidney - Montana  Sidney - Nebraska  Sidney - New York  Sidney - Ohio  Sidney - Texas  Silver Lake  Silver Spring  Silverdale  Simi Valley  Simpsonville  Simsbury  Sinajana  Sioux Falls  Skillman  Skokie  Slingerlands  Smithfield  Smyrna - Georgia  Smyrna - Tennessee  Snellville  Social Circle  Solon  Somerset - California  Somerset - Colorado  Somerset - Indiana  Somerset - Kentucky  Somerset - Massachusetts  Somerset - Michigan  Somerset - New Jersey  Somerset - Texas  Somerset - Virginia  Somerset - Wisconsin  Somerville - Massachusetts  Somerville - New Jersey  South San Francisco  Southborough  Southfield  Southington  Spotsylvania  Spring  Spring Field - Ohio  Spring Field - Pennsylvania  Spring Field - Vermont  Spring Hill  Springfield - Arkansas  Springfield - Colorado  Springfield - Georgia  Springfield - Idaho  Springfield - Illinois  Springfield - Kentucky  Springfield - Louisiana  Springfield - Maine  Springfield - Massachusetts  Springfield - Missouri  Springfield - Nebraska  Springfield - New Hampshire  Springfield - New Jersey  Springfield - Oregon  Springfield - South Carolina  Springfield - South Dakota  Springfield - Tennessee  Springfield - Vermont  Springfield - Virginia  Springfield - West Virginia  Springfield - Wisconsin  St Charles  St Louis  St.Louis Park  Stafford - Connecticut  Stafford - Kansas  Stafford - New York  Stafford - Texas  Stafford - Virginia  Staffordville  Stamford - Connecticut  Stamford - Nebraska  Stamford - New York  Stamford - Texas  Stanford - California  Stanford - Illinois  Stanford - Indiana  Stanford - Kentucky  Stanford - Montana  Stanley  Statesville  Steele  Sterling Heights  Stockbridge  Stone Mountain  Strafford  Stratham  Streamwood  Sturtevant  Sudbury  Sugar Hill  Sugar Land  Summit - Arkansas  Summit - Kentucky  Summit - Mississippi  Summit - New Jersey  Summit - New York  Summit - South Dakota  Summit - Utah  Sunnyvale  Superior  Surprise  Suwanee  Syr  Syracuse - Indiana  Syracuse - Kansas  Syracuse - Missouri  Syracuse - Nebraska  Syracuse - New York  Syracuse - Utah  Tacoma  Tallahassee  Talofofo  Tampa - Florida  Tampa - Kansas  Tamuning  Tarpon Springs  Tarrytown  Tecumseh  Temecula  Tempe  Temple Bar Marina  Teterboro  Tewksbury  Texas  Texas City  The Woodlands  Thornville  Thousand Oaks  Tinian  Tinley Park  Titusville - Florida  Titusville - New Jersey  Titusville - Pennsylvania  Toledo  Tomball  Torrance  Trevose  Troy - Alabama  Troy - Idaho  Troy - Illinois  Troy - Indiana  Troy - Kansas  Troy - Maine  Troy - Michigan  Troy - Missouri  Troy - Montana  Troy - New Hampshire  Troy - New York  Troy - North Carolina  Troy - South Carolina  Troy - Tennessee  Troy - Texas  Troy - Vermont  Troy - Virginia  Troy - West Virginia  Tucker  Tucson  Tulsa  Tustin  Twin Lakes  Twinsburg  Umatac  Union  Union City - California  Union City - New Jersey  Upton  Vacaville  Valdez  Valencia - California  Valhalla  Vallejo  Valparaiso  Valrico  Vanburean Township  Vancouver  Vernon Hills  Verona  Victor  Vienna - Virginia  Vincennes  Vista  Vista??????????  Wahpeton  Wallington  Walnut Creek  Waltham  Warren - Arkansas  Warren - Idaho  Warren - Illinois  Warren - Indiana  Warren - Maine  Warren - Massachusetts  Warren - Michigan  Warren - New Hampshire  Warren - New Jersey  Warren - Oregon  Warren - Pennsylvania  Warren - Rhode Island  Warren - Texas  Warren - Vermont  Warrendale  Warrensville Heights  Warrenville - Illinois  Warrenville - South Carolina  Warwick  Washburn  Washington - Arkansas  Washington - District Of Columbia  Washington - Georgia  Washington - Illinois  Washington - Indiana  Washington - Iowa  Washington - Kansas  Washington - Kentucky  Washington - Louisiana  Washington - Maine  Washington - Michigan  Washington - Mississippi  Washington - Missouri  Washington - Nebraska  Washington - New Hampshire  Washington - New Jersey  Washington - North Carolina  Washington - Oklahoma  Washington - Texas  Washington - Utah  Washington - Vermont  Washington - Virginia  Washington - West Virginia  Washington D C  Waterbury  Waterford  Watford City  Waukegan  Waukesha  Wauwatosa  Wayne  Wayne  Waynesboro  Wayzata  Weatogue  Webster - Florida  Webster - Indiana  Webster - Iowa  Webster - Kentucky  Webster - Massachusetts  Webster - New York  Webster - North Carolina  Webster - North Dakota  Webster - South Dakota  Webster - Texas  Webster - Wisconsin  Weehauken  Wellesley  Wentzville  West Bloomfield  West Chester  West Des Moines  West Henrietta  West Jordan  West Norriton  West Orange  West Palm Beach  West Paterson  Westborough  Westbury  Westerville  Westfield  Westford  Westlake  Westlake Village  Westland  Westminster - California  Westminster - Colorado  Westmont  Weston - Florida  Weston - Massachusetts  Westport - California  Westport - Connecticut  Westport - Indiana  Westport - Kentucky  Westport - Massachusetts  Westport - New York  Westport - South Dakota  Westport - Tennessee  Westport - Washington  Westville  Westwood - California  Westwood - Massachusetts  Westwood - New Jersey  Weymouth  Wheaton  Wheeling  Whippany  White Bear Lake  White Lake  White Plains  Whiting  Wichita  Wilkes Barre  Williamsburg  Williston  Willoughby  Willoughby Hill  Wilmington - California  Wilmington - Delaware  Wilmington - Illinois  Wilmington - Massachusetts  Wilmington - New York  Wilmington - North Carolina  Wilmington - Ohio  Wilmington - Vermont  Wilsonville - Alabama  Wilsonville - Illinois  Wilsonville - Nebraska  Wilsonville - Oregon  Wilton - Alabama  Wilton - Arkansas  Wilton - Connecticut  Wilton - Iowa  Wilton - Maine  Wilton - New Hampshire  Wilton - North Dakota  Wilton - Wisconsin  Winchester  Windham  Windsor - California  Windsor - Colorado  Windsor - Connecticut  Windsor - Illinois  Windsor - Kentucky  Windsor - Maine  Windsor - Massachusetts  Windsor - Missouri  Windsor - New Jersey  Windsor - New York  Windsor - North Carolina  Windsor - South Carolina  Windsor - Vermont  Windsor - Virginia  Windsor - Wisconsin  Windsor Locks  Winston Salem  Winthrop  Woburn  Woden  Wood Dale  Wood Ridge  Woodland Hills  Woodstock  Woonsocket  Worcester  Yigo  Yona  Yonkers  Yorba Linda  Yukon  Zionsville         Zip Code        Race/Ethnicity Please indicate your ethnicity or race by selecting one option below. If you are Hispanic, please select the Hispanic category. If you are not Hispanic, please select one of the other categories.       Hispanic or Latino: A person of Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Central or South American or other Spanish culture or origin, regardless of ethnicity        White (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, or North Africa        Black or African American ( Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the black ethnic groups of Africa        Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the people of Hawaii, Guam, Samoa, or other Pacific Islands        Asian (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the people of the Far East, Southeast Asia, the Indian Subcontinent, including, for example, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippine Islands, Thailand and Vietnam        American Indian or Alaska Native (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the original peoples of North and South America (including Central America), and who maintain tribal affiliation or community attachment        Two or More Races (Not Hispanic or Latino): All person who identify with more than one of the above five races        Do not want to disclose my Race/Ethnicity    Discharge Date         Veteran Status  What is your veteran status?       Special Disabled Veteran: Means (A) a veteran who is entitled to compensation (or who, but for receipt of military retired pay, would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Department of Veteran Affairs for a disability rated at 10 or 20 percent in case of a veteran who has been determined to have a serious employment disability or (B) a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service connected disability        Vietnam-Era Veteran: A Vietnam-Era veteran is a person who (1) served on active duty for a period of more than 180 days, any part of which occurred between August 5, 1964 and May 7, 1975, and was discharged or released with other than a dishonorable discharge; (2) was discharged or released from active duty for a service connected disability if any part of such active duty was performed between August 5, 1964 and May 7, 1975; or (3) served on active duty for more than 180 days and served in the Republic of Vietnam between February 29, 1961 and May 7,1975        Other Protected Veteran: A Veteran in one of the following groups: (A) veterans who served in a "war"; (B) veterans whose service in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized or an expeditionary medal has been awarded. This includes a number of military engagements.        Recently Separated Veteran: Any veteran who began employment at Wipro within one year of being discharged or released from active duty in the U.S. military ground, naval or air service        Do not want disclose my veteran status   What is your gender?       Female        Male        I prefer not to answer   What is your disability ? View Details       Yes, I have a disability(or previously had a disability)          Decline to designate        Scribe to write          No, I do not have a disability        I do not wish to answer      Disability Details Because we do business with the government,we must reach out to, hire and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. To help measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at anytime, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. Disabilities include, but not limited to:  Blindness Autism Bipolar Disorder Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Deafness Cerebral palsy Major Depression Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Cancer HIV/AIDS Multiple sclerosis  (MS) Impairments requiring the wheelchair Diabetes Schizophrenia Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Intellectual Disability (previously  called mental retardation) Epilepsy Muscular Dystrophy       Gender     Select Gender  Male  Female    This field is purely optional and has no connection with the current employment opportunity being applied for. The data is being collected with the sole purpose of maintaining records on applicant gender statistics. By agreeing to provide the information requested herein, you are consenting to such disclosure voluntarily. The gender data will be processed solely for the purpose mentioned above and may be shared with any third party or transferred outside the country for such purposes.      Date of Birth    *       SUBMIT  Please wait as your resume is getting submitted...  Reset          Tech Lead - Application Modernization CONSUMER BUSINESS UNIT San Francisco Experience : 5-8 YEARS Job Code : 549778 Apply Now  Share This Job       Job Description: Key skills required for the job are: Spring Boot-L2 (Mandatory) DevOps - Ansible-L1 As a Lead, you are responsible for managing a small team of analysts, developers, testers or engineers and drive delivery of a small module within a project (Delivery/Maintenence/Testing) You may serve as entry level specialist with expertise in particular technology/industry domain/a process / application / product. You are responsible for functional/technical track of a project. Minimum work experience:5 - 8 Years Roles & Responsibilities: Minimum Experience Required: 5-8 YEARS Mandatory Skills: SOAP, Java-J2EE, SOA Governance, SOA Architecting, SOA Design Desirable Skills:  Language Skills: English Language                    Get in touch Wipro has offices all over the world, located strategically to help us serve our clients and deliver the best expertise effectively and efficiently.    List by Region     Africa  Asia Pacific  Europe  India  Middle East  North America  South America        List by Location     East  North  South  West            India   Corporate Office  Wipro Limited Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bangalore – 560035 Phone: +91 80 28440011 Fax: +91 80 28440256  Other offices  Wipro Limited SEZ Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road Bangalore - 560035 Phone: +91 80 30292929 Fax: +91 80 30298200  Wipro Limited No 72, Keonics Electronic City, Hosur Road, Bangalore - 560100 Phone: +91 80 39155000, 30292929 Fax : +91 80 41381760  Wipro Limited SEZ Unit I & II Divyasree Technopark, EPIP Zone, Kundalahalli, Doddanakundi Post Whitefield, Bangalore – 560037  Wipro Limited TP -3, Central Avenue, Mahindra World City, SEZ, Chengalpet – 603002 Phone : +91 44 47440000 Fax: +91 44 39523952  Wipro Limited RR 2 building, # 94/95, TVK Industrial Estate, Guindy Chennai - 600032 Phone: +91 44 30698450  Wipro Limited # Ascendas International tech park 8th floor crust, Taramani, CSIR road, Chennai – 600113 Phone: +91 44 42944200 Fax: +91 44 45556400  Wipro Limited ELCOT SEZ Survey #602/03. Shollinganallur, Chennai – 600119 Phone: +91 44 39290000 Fax: +91 44 39292222  Wipro Limited 105 & 111, Anna Salai, Guindy, Chennai – 600032 Phone : +91 44 30697000 Fax: +91 44 30697100  Wipro Limited # 475 A, Old Mahabalipuram Road Shollinganallur, Chennai – 600119 Phone: +91 44 24500200 Fax: +91 44 24500240/24500250  Wipro Limited Info Park Special Economic Zone Kusumagiri – PO, Kakkanad Cochin – 682030 Phone: +91 484 3054949 Fax: +91 484 3054224  Wipro Limited S.F.No.426/1,426/2& 427/1, Elcot Special Economic Zone Vilankurichi Village, Coimbatore North Taluk, Coimbatore-641004  Wipro Limited Survey No.124, & Part of 132/P SEZ Gopanapally Hyderabad - 501301 Phone: +91 40 30797979, 30970189 Fax: +91 40 30970700  Wipro Limited 203/1, Manikonda Village, Gatchibowli SEZ Hyderabad - 500032 Phone: +91 40 30797979 Fax: +91 40 30797070  Wipro Limited #146/147, Metagalli industrial area, Metagalli, Mysore - 570016 Phone: +91 821 3983082  Wipro Limited Regional Stores 4th Floor, Shyam Towers Opp. Paradise Bakery S.D. Road Secunderabad-500003 Phone:+91 40-40024536  Wipro Limited InfoTech - G-Block, 6th Floor, Surya Towers R.O. South 3, 105, S.P. Road Secunderabad – 500003 Phone: +91 40 30794871 Fax: +91 40 30794876  Wipro Limited Regional Stores Door # 59A-16-13/11A 2nd Floor, Durga Bhavani Complex RTC Colony, Pantakaluva Road, Patamata, Vijayawada-520010 Phone: +91 866-2481665, +91 866-2496093  Wipro Limited Door No.50-75-23/10 STPI Old T.B.Hospital, Rama Talkies Road, Resapuvanipalem Visakhapatnam - 530013 Phone: +91 891 3043333 Fax: +91 891 3043002              Subscribe to our newsletter  Subscribe  We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Wipro does not charge any fee at any stage of the recruitment process and has not authorised agencies/partners to collect any fee for recruitment.  If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please do let us know by contacting us on helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com            Careers      Who we are   About Wipro  Benefits of Joining  Leadership Careers  Sales Careers  Technology Careers  Consulting Careers  Corporate Functions Careers  Business Process Services Careers  Digital Careers  Campus     Meet our people      OUR CULTURE   Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability     campus   Engineering  MBA s  Science Graduates  Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global     Work with us   Job Search  Apply Now  Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India     Staffing Partners   Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process     HELP CENTRE   Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  FAQs         wipro.com  FAQ s  CONTACT US  Sitemap     follow              © Wipro Limited 2017  Wipro.com | FAQ s | Sitemap | Contact Us | Privacy policy | Terms of use      By using careers.wipro.com you agree that we can place cookies on your device. See our privacy policy for details.      Who we are  About Wipro Benefits of Joining Leadership Careers Sales Careers Technology Careers Consulting Careers Corporate Functions Careers Business Process Services Careers Digital Careers  Campus     Meet our people  Our Culture   Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability   Campus  Engineering MBA s Science Graduates Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global    Work with us   Job Search  Apply Now  Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India    Global  Africa Americas ANZ Asean Continental Europe LATAM India   Staffing partners  Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process   Help Center  Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  FAQs    CONTACT US     Scroll                                  Apply Now  Data Engineer  at TaskRabbit  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    About TaskRabbit  Each day brings more chores and less time to accomplish them. Whether someone needs a handyman, house cleaner, mover or delivery person, TaskRabbit delights clients by matching the right skilled person in minutes. With our support, our customers can accomplish it all not only today, but also on-demand to be their most productive self. On the other side of the marketplace we help our Taskers earn a living by setting their own prices, defining their working hours, and giving them control to help people when and how they want in the most supportive marketplace.  We're a mission-driven company.  Our culture is collaborative, pragmatic and fast-paced.  We're looking for talented, entrepreneurially minded and data-driven people who also have a passion for helping people do what they love - and having a ton of fun while they're at it. Join us and help revolutionize everyday work.  About the Role  You will be a member of the Data Group: Data Engineering, Data Science, and Data Analytics. We are a force multiplier, owning the data, analysis, and knowledge infrastructure that enables ourselves and our teammates to move faster and smarter.  The Data Engineering team is part of the TaskRabbit technical staff, but is separate from the Product Engineering team and sets its own goals and priorities.  Data Engineering collaborates directly with Product Engineering, DevOps, Marketing, and Operations.  Responsibilities  1) Contribute to the evolution and improvement of core data engineering infrastructure  Currently, our production and analytics systems are hosted in AWS. Key existing components are:   MySQL datawarehouse in Aurora  ElasticSearch cluster for event data  Looker UI on top of Aurora  Homegrown ETL tool(s)   As more people use TaskRabbit, we are outgrowing some of our data infrastructure, especially when it comes to event streaming. You will have the opportunity to radically alter, evolve and improve our data infrastructure, bringing in new tools and technologies to help us scale.  2) Support Data Scientists and Analysts  Data Scientists and analysts are the primary users of the data infrastructure, therefore one of your key responsibilities will be to ensure that they can access the data they need, in a way that they can use to get their jobs done.  3) Product Feature Data Engineering  You will work directly with Product Managers and the Product Engineering team to ensure that features are instrumented for metrics such that feature performance can be measured by PMs.  Background and Experience  We welcome applicants from a variety of backgrounds and experiences. Below gives you a sense of how we're thinking about what you'll need to be successful in the role.   2-4 years experience, comfortable working independently  Experience with SQL is a must  Bonus: familiarity with Python, ElasticSearch, nodejs, Ruby  Comfortable working with large event stream datasets  Bonus: experience with open source ETL tools/platforms, Apache Kafka   Bonus Points   Agile. Intelligent. Creative. Problem-solver. Startup lover. You like making things happen.  We're looking for people that have a passion for technology and problem solving  You have contributed to an open source software project. Show us your github account, we'd love to see what you're enjoy working on.  You're familiar with our product and have some ideas on things you'd want to add or change!   Benefits & Perks  In addition to working with the smartest team of entrepreneurs, advisors, and investors, TaskRabbit employees get tons of perks:   Challenge: The opportunity for growth in a fast-paced, progressive company is yours for the taking. Game on!  Monthly task stipend: Use the product you’re working on and outsource errands you don’t want to do  Medical benefits: Great health coverage with dental and vision benefits, a flexible spending account, 401k plans and ample PTO  Education: A series of Lunch and Learn events (we call it “Learnch”) along with mentoring opportunities and an annual learning and development stipend for your personal use  Office: A huge, dog-friendly SOMA loft built to accommodate collaboration, with two fully- stocked kitchens and a game room. Free lunch every day!  Fun: Awesome off-site adventures, weekly meditation, yoga, annual charity events? Yes!          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Are you authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       Pandora Media, Inc. Careers        Sr. Application Administrator (Atlassian)  Technical Operations Oakland,
                            California    Apply    Description   At Pandora, we're a unique collection of engineers, musicians, designers, marketers, and world-class sellers with a common goal: to enrich lives by delivering effortless personalized music enjoyment and discovery. People—the listeners, the artists, and our employees—are at the center of our mission and everything we do. Actually, employees at Pandora are a lot like the service itself: bright, eclectic, and innovative. Collaboration is the foundation of our workforce, and we’re looking for smart individuals who are self-motivated and passionate to join us. Be a part of the engine that creates the soundtrack to life. Discover your future at Pandora! We're hiring an Atlassian application administrator to join the Sysad Applications team in Technical Operations. Our team of five manages the Atlassian stack used company-wide at Pandora: Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Fisheye/Crucible. These staff-facing collaborative tools are critical to the daily operations of Pandora; it's an exciting and rewarding opportunity to help your coworkers improve their lives on a daily basis. We run large, on-premises, enterprise-class instances using Atlassian's DataCenter products. We're looking for an experienced Atlassian admin to join us in helping Pandora staff make the most of these tools. DevOps experience is a plus and would potentially allow broadening the job scope, but our main focus for this position is inside-the-app support and administration. We value aptitude and drive as much as experience. If you don't meet all of the requirements, but believe that you can be effective immediately, we welcome your resume and cover letter. Responsibilities: handling Atlassian application configuration requests from Pandora staff in many departments evaluation of new application releases and 3rd-party add-ons integration of our Atlassian apps with other systems assisting staff users with workflow documentation, improvement, & solutions; helping them select the right tools for their jobs assisting staff users with wiki content layout, integration & authoring assisting staff users with Bitbucket/git questions and customization Required Experience: experience administering Atlassian tools (Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Fisheye/Crucible) on-premises experience administering Atlassian add-ons experience in a customer-facing role (internal or external), and passion for highly visible enterprise support excellent time- and task-management skills excellent oral and written communication skills comfortable tackling problems which don't have an answer yet Desired Experience: familiarity with git familiarity with Ansible understanding of configuration management and version control concepts familiarity with HTML/CSS scripting experience (bash, python, groovy, etc.) ability to work on a Unix/Linux command line familiarity with SQL Bonus: Linux/Unix system administration, DevOps experience experience with APIs and tool/service integration familiarity with JVM's experience with performance monitoring experience authoring wiki content for a technical audience experience with HA/DR service architecture  Pandora is also a VEVRAA federal contractor. Pandora requests priority referrals of protected veterans from each ESDS, as required by regulation.  If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to apply for a position, please contact us by sending an email to disability@pandora.com This email box is designed to assist job seekers who require a reasonable accommodation to the application process. A response to your request may take up to two business days.  In your email, please include the following: - The specific accommodation requested to complete the employment application. - The location or office to which you would like to apply - The subject of the email should read "Request for Reasonable Accommodation".      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite                 Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply            Apply Now  Data Engineer  at RiskIQ  (View all jobs)  San Francisco (Relocation available)    RiskIQ is a cybersecurity company that helps organizations discover and protect their external facing known, unknown and third-party web, mobile and social digital assets. The company’s External Threat Management platform combines a worldwide proxy and sensor network with clients that emulate users to monitor, detect and take actions against threats. RiskIQ is being used by thousands of companies including F500s and leading financial institutions to protect their web assets and users from external security threats. It is headquartered in San Francisco and backed by growth equity firms Summit Partners and Battery Ventures.  Our Data Science team is at the core of advancing our technologies that will compose our next generation of internet and mobile security products. A successful candidate will be a highly motivated team member with a passion for solving the challenging problems our business faces. As a Hadoop Engineer, you will design, build, and scale our Hadoop ecosystem, which empowers our Data Science team to deliver game-changing intelligence from both existing and new/novel data sources. Relocation is available for the right candidate.  Your responsibilities will include   Participate in architecting and building scalable applications using elements of Hadoop ecosystem.  Determining feasibility and rapidly developing proof of concept code based on ideas that are produced from the Data Science team.  Partnering with our Engineering team to implement successful products into the RiskIQ platform.  Work with our DevOps team to scale our data infrastructure.  Creating new ways to extract interesting insights from existing research analysis.  Analyzing, designing, developing, and testing of your projects to meet deadlines and exacting standards.   Requirements   BS or higher in Applied Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, or related field  Senior Developer with 6 years overall experience in Java technologies and Big Data.  Proven ability to build large, reliable, scalable infrastructure  4+ years of advanced, hands-on experience with the Hadoop eco-system:   MapReduce  Hive  MapR  HDFS  HBase  Spark   Strong SQL experience to analyze, transform, and integrate high volume, complex data sources.  Extensive knowledge of Data Infrastructure at both the physical and the logical level  Excellent communication skills with the ability to identify and communicate data driven insights and technical approach through conversation, documentation, and presentation.  Proficiency with the following:   Job orchestration systems (e.g. Oozie, Luigi, Airflow)  Advanced file formats (e.g. Parquet, Avro, ORC)  Stream processing systems (e.g. Spark, Storm, Flink)  Search engines (e.g. ElasticSearch, Solr, Lucene)   Desired experience with some of the following technologies:   Kafka  Cassandra  Redis  Machine learning experience  Amazon Web Services or other cloud-based providers/solutions    Why work at RiskIQ?   Fascinating work - Welcome to the dark underbelly of the Internet. We detect, expose, and investigate malware, exploit kits, botnets, affiliate fraud, advertising fraud, and illicit mobile apps, and much more. It is the golden age of internet crime, and we are at the forefront of defensive efforts to stem the tide.  Internet security is a global growth industry, and the knowledge you acquire here will be a marketable skill for decades to come.  We’re a company on the forefront of a burgeoning industry - We've recently celebrated several new milestones headlined by 80% year-over-year growth revenue growth, the closing of $30.5 million in Series C funding, and recognition by Forrester in its Forrester Wave™: Digital Risk Monitoring, Q3 2016 report, which named RiskIQ a leader.  Top Leadership - Our CEO is a renown cybersecurity veteran known for his expertise. Our leadership group is poised and experienced with a track record in technology and cyber security.  Unbounded opportunity - We are small, but we’re growing. At RiskIQ, you’ll be provided with as much responsibility as you can handle—new career development opportunities constantly arise given our rate of growth Want to design a new data center from the ground up? Architect a big data backend to increase our storage and analysis capabilities? These challenges are yours for the taking if you prove you're capable.  Flexibility - You’ll have a large workload, but also the freedom to accomplish it on your own terms. RiskIQ has unlimited PTO and flexible hours.            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at RiskIQ are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       Grid Dynamics Careers        Senior Java Engineer  Java Development San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    Description  <p As a key member of this team, you will be working in collaboration with worldwide industry experts. This is an excellent opportunity, as a key contributor to this project, to create the next generation of network-centric distributed and scalable architectures. Come be part of our bright engineering team with open communication, empowerment, innovation, and customer-centric culture. We work with bleeding-edge technologies, including J2EE, in-memory data grids such as Oracle Coherence, NoSQL databases such as Apache Cassandra, automated testing tools such as Fitnesse, Selenium WebDriver, built in-house Jagger performance measurement tool, Continuous Integration and Delivery, etc. Responsibilities: Participate in the design and development of high-performance business applications, from requirements analysis to production Constantly improve software quality (evaluate and incorporate new libraries, tools and technologies; code reviews; refactoring; testing; etc.) Analyze and improve application performance Search for simple and robust solutions to complex tasks Work in an Agile methodology environment where innovation, teamwork and creativity are the key for success Collaborate with a team of developers, QA engineers, analysts located in St Petersburg, Russia and San Francisco, CA Requirements: 3+ years in Software Development Education in Computer Science or similar theoretical knowledge in CS: algorithms and complexity estimation, data structures, operating systems, programming languages Excellent knowledge of Java platform (collections, concurrency, etc). Good understanding of JVM internals is a plus Experience in enterprise application development (J2EE, Spring Source, etc) is a plus Understanding of distributed architectures and scalability principles Knowledge of Linux/Unix-based operating systems (bash/ssh/ps/grep etc.) Understanding of SDLC and Agile methodologies in particular Hands-on experience with developer daily basis tools such as IDE’s, compilers, debuggers, profilers, version control systems, bug tracking systems, build systems (ANT, Maven2, etc), code coverage and automated testing tools Experience with unit and integration testing (JUnit, TestNG, Mockito, etc.) RDBMS experience (SQL, JDBC). Understanding of ORM frameworks internals is a plus Desire and ability to quickly learn new tools and technologies Ability to proactively identify and solve engineering problems Good interpersonal communication skills, both verbal and written What We Offer Opportunity to work on bleeding-edge projects Work with a highly motivated and dedicated team Competitive salary Flexible schedule Medical insurance Benefits program Social package - medical insurance, sports Corporate social events Professional development opportunities About us : Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors. We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season. Founded in 2006 and headquartered in Menlo Park, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, scalable omni-channel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement.      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite         Job Summary Responsibilities: 40% Directly collaborating with the DevOps team to create secure continuous integration and continuous delivery Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) practices; Championing the adoption of and adherence to industry best practices for an automated infrastructure hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS) 30% Conducting threat modeling exercises; managing and prioritizing vulnerabilities 30% Innovating new CI/CD security initiatives including, but not limited to, AWS IAM, authentication, and containerization security Tools and Environment: Strong background with DevOps and CI/CD best practices Strong experience utilizing security controls within a highly automated environment Familiarity with virtualized container management (Kubernetes) and infrastructure as code (Terraform) Prior experience with automation software including Ansible, Jenkins and Salt Ability to author scripts (Python, Ruby, or Go) Job Type: Full-timeMobile Engineer San Francisco California Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Imagine a world where every car where there’s a smartphone is safer, where massive amounts of data and insights makes cities safer and reduce insurance costs for everyone. Zendrive is executing rapidly on its mission of “making all ground transportation safer using data and analytics” and is focused on building products to support the evolution of transportation. We are looking for a Mobile Engineer with several years experience native programming in Android and iOS. If you are passionate about writing code that may run on millions of devices, creating a rock solid technology that will save lives and you will not give up until the code is best in class, then Zendrive is the place for you. Responsibilities: Work closely with our product team to craft the next iteration of Zendrive’s mobile products and applications Partner closely with the design to in creating gorgeous, rich and modern mobile experiences Leverage your past successes in helping guide the future of our apps Help us build an amazing continuous integration environment Basic Qualifications: Proactive and passionate attitude Good communication skills Obsessive about writing tests for modern code Basic knowledge of visual design tools; such as: Zeplin, Sketch or Photoshop. Strong analytical and numeric skills Minimum 2 years of either Android or iOS native application development. Minimum 2 years native app development that uses Rest APIs, a collection of third party SDKs. Minimum 2 years of experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as git, GitHub, Jira, Jenkins, or equivalents Minimum 2 years of Experience with agile development (Kanban, Scrum, etc.) Preferred Qualifications: Minimum 2 years development in both iOS and Android native applications. Minimum 1 year development experience in Swift. Minimum 1 year development experience in Objective-C. Minimum 1 years of experience in Java. Minimum 1 year experience working with a remote back end team. Minimum 1 year experience guiding API specs to support great user exerpeinces that use minimal data plan. Minimum 1 year of experience in using Webviews and related web development technologies. Good technical judgement and decision making about when to use native vs webviews. Minimum 1 years of experience with testing using TDD or BDD with 1 or more testing frameworks. Experience in developing high performing client-side applications Strong preference for a design or engineering bachelor’s degree Why join us? We thought you'd never ask! We offer all the usual stuff: competitive salary, medical/dental insurance, meals on site, gym and Spotify membership, top of the line equipment and compelling early stage equity. But the real perks are: - Challenging and fun work on meaningful problems - you'll never have a boring day at the office. - World-class team of engineers and researchers who love solving tough problems. - The opportunity to work on a problem that aims to improve the lives of everyone and will make a meaningful, positive impact on the world (while building a multi-billion dollar business). - The chance to develop lasting business relationships by helping build our growing set of partners. Apply for this job Zendrive Home Page Jobs powered by      Apply Now  Sales Engineer  at LightStep  SF Headquarters    At LightStep, each Sales Engineer plays an essential role in ensuring the success of our Customers and the growth of our business. We believe that the path to success for a customer begins in the sales process, when they are still a prospect exploring LightStep as a potential fit for their needs, challenges, and aspirations. Thus, our sales process is extremely consultative and the Sales Engineer works alongside our Account Executives to serve as a trusted advisor for each prospect. The Sales Engineer listens to each prospect, empathizes with their technical and operational pain points, understands how those relate to the prospect’s strategic business goals, and ultimately scopes a solution and partnership that allows us to drive success for the prospect as a new LightStep customer.    You’d be a great fit if…   You enjoy constantly challenging and expanding your technical knowledge.  You are intrigued by the marriage of technology and business and enjoy engaging on both fronts to craft the perfect balance between the two.  You display trustworthiness and build credibility quickly via empathy, clear communication, and a deep understanding of people, technology, and business.  You would enjoy interfacing with our prospects including Software Developers, DevOps teams, and Site Reliability Engineers while serving as their advocate and champion within LightStep.  You are a self-starter who flourishes in a team environment and enjoys building new processes, tools, solutions, businesses alongside other talented entrepreneurs.     Bonus points if…   You have a background in Application Performance Management (APM) or system architecture analytics.  You are familiar with any of the following: microservices, distributed tracing, proxies / service meshes (Envoy, HAProxy, Linkerd), cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure), containers (Kubernetes, Docker).  You know or are proficient in any of the following languages: Go, Java, Python, Ruby, PHP, or NodeJS.          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job? *                   Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Senior Infrastructure Engineer, Site Reliability San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job The Site Reliability Engineering team is charged with ensuring and improving the availability of the site through improving tools, processes, and communication. SREs are exposed to the whole technology stack, from code down to the infrastructure so that they can drive improvements in how the stack is designed, deployed, and operated. We want to make it possible for product teams to launch in production with certainty through guidance on how to leverage the power of our Platform to achieve a high level of quality and reliability. What the Job Entails Developing automation and tools, to reduce toil and improve repeatability of processes. Define reliability metrics, and work to ensure services meet them. Develop runbooks and processes to reduce MTTR in incidents. Collaborate with core infrastructure and service engineers to improve service reliability, scalability, and tooling. Troubleshoot issues across the entire stack, software, hardware, cloud, and networking. Participate in 24x7 on-call rotation. Our Ideal Candidate 4+ years of professional experience in server-side website development or 6+ years in a DevOps role A strong foundation in OOP, design patterns, algorithms, and programming languages grounds your tools development. You have a deep understanding of at least two of the following: linux internals, networking, MySQL, Docker, Kubernetes, or cloud infrastructure. You’ve built tooling to improve reliability of systems, automated remediation of issues, or improve scalability. You have 4 or more years experience working in production environments at scale, and want to improve our availability and performance. Writing a script should come as second nature to you, and you should have experience with Python, Bash, Ruby, or Perl. Systems often need to be reconfigured, so you should have experience with a configuration management system like Puppet, Chef or Salt. (We use Salt.) You should be able to clearly communicate technical details when speaking or writing. This position is part of a well established team, and you should be excited about working closely with them, and product development teams. Working in the cloud is a little different, so it would be great if you have some experience with AWS or GCP. Our environment often has new challenges and technologies, so we want a candidate who is excited to learn. Apply for this job Credit Karma Home Page Jobs powered by      Apply Now  Dev Ops Engineer  at Poshmark  (View all jobs)  Redwood City, CA    We’re looking for a DevOps Engineer to be responsible for effective provisioning, configuration, operation, and maintenance of our systems hardware and software and overall infrastructure. This individual will play a key role and is embedded within teams to focus on the operational aspects of our services. You will be obsessive about maintaining robust, high-performance web systems at scale. This person will be responsible for designing fault-tolerant mechanisms for keeping distributed systems healthy and developing proactive monitoring back to DevOps and the development teams. Some technical concerns are availability, throughput, latency, media fidelity as well as real-time performance considerations. Our DevOps engineers are focused on performance and manageability concerns of these services.  Do you believe that automation is the only way to scale out a service? Do you strive to get that extra 9 of availability? Join us, the Poshmark Cloud Platform team, in pushing the limits of cloud-based technologies to power our explosive growth! As we continue to experience a dramatic increase in the usage of our product, help us scale our infrastructure to handle massive growth in traffic, membership, and data.  Responsibilities   Enable rapid development through robust Continuous Integration and Deployment  Script / automate core processes to improve efficiency as well as platform availability  Ensure the highest availability of the platform and its core services  Manage configuration deployment, backup and (OS) updates  Debug incidents, escalate and follow through until resolution has been achieved  Participate in on-call rotation to ensure 24/7 coverage  Partner with other teams to share tools, expertise, and create effective solutions  Assist with building the DevOps team  Develop and institute monitoring policies as well as intrusion detection systems   Desired Skills   Ability to solve operational issues through engineering automated solutions  2+ years experience in Systems Engineering/DevOps role is required, ideally in a startup or fast growing company.  Battle-proven, real-life experience in running a large scale production operation.  Experience with cloud platforms, preferably AWS.  Knowledge of Unix  Familiarity with NoSQL systems, preferably MongoDB, Redis.  Experience running search indexes (Lucene, ElasticSearch) at scale  Adept at troubleshooting and administering unix systems, dealing with networking issues, setting up databases, and fine tuning instrumentation and alerting systems  Scripting/Automating skills using any of the following languages: python, ruby etc.  Hands-on experience with continuous integration tools such as Jenkins, configuration management with Chef or Puppet, systems monitoring and alerting with tools such as Nagios, New Relic, Graphite.  Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and tools.  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or the equivalent.   AWS * MongoDB * JRuby * ElasticSearch * RabbitMQ * iOS * Android * Rails * Java * Linux  Why Poshmark?  Founded in 2011, Poshmark is the largest social marketplace for fashion where anyone can buy, sell and share their style with others. Poshmark’s mission is to make shopping simple and fun by connecting people around a shared love of fashion, while empowering entrepreneurs to become the next generation of retailers. Recognized as the go-to shopping destination for millennials, Poshmark’s community of over two million Seller Stylists help shoppers discover the perfect look from over 25 million items and 5,000 brands. The company is backed by the world’s leading venture capital institutions including Mayfield, Menlo Ventures, GGV Capital, Inventus Capital, SoftTech VC, Union Grove Venture Partners, Shea Ventures and AngelList. For more information, please visit www.poshmark.com , or find us on Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest and Snapchat.    Here’s what we’ll set you up with:   A team that is invested in your career growth and training  Competitive salary and equity, based on experience  Fully sponsored health, dental and vision plans  A 13” MacBook Air and smartphone reimbursement  Work alongside world-class talent  Flexible Vacation / Paid Time Off Policy  Parental Leave  Healthy and exciting lunches and snacks offered daily  Personal Style Encouraged (or not, whatever you’re in to)  Fun company happy hours, parties, and offsite events          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *     Please select LinkedIn  Poshmark Career Portal  Glassdoor  Indeed  Hired    Do you have more than 2 years of Systems Engineering/DevOps experience? *     --  Yes  No    Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa (e.g. H-1B visa)? *     --  Yes  No    Are you outside of the Bay area? If yes, are you willing to relocate? *     Please select In Bay area  Outside of Bay area, willing to relocate  Outside of Bay area, don't want to relocate               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Index  San Francisco, CA    Index is changing the way retail works. We’ve set out to bring the measurement and personalization of online commerce into physical retail environments and we’re well on our way. The market opportunity is staggeringly large and we’re looking for exceptional people to help us shape the future of commerce.  This is what we care about...   Shipping solid features that users want.  We want to amaze users with how much we can do for them, quickly, and at scale.  Collaboration both within engineering, and with other parts of the company.  You should be able to explain ideas to others and debate merits of approaches in a positive way.  You should be able to listen, read and learn from others, who will also want to learn from you.  Trust. Being responsible with our users' data, whether they are individual consumers or large merchants.  Our users will be trusting us and we have to earn that trust by being thoughtful and careful both in our designs and in our day-to-day operations.  Writing beautiful code that is easy to read and easy to change. You should be able to refactor code so that it’s better. You should know how to write testable code and should value automated testing.  Seeking deep understanding.  It isn’t enough for you to just get something working once.  You feel compelled to understand the lower layers of things, so that you can reason about how things fit together and you can create more informed designs.     At Index, you will...   Manage the availability and scalability of Index’s services  Set up host level and application level monitoring for Index’s services  Review and influence design and architecture for operating services and systems  Participate in software and system performance analysis/tuning, capacity planning and forecasting demand   In the past, you...   4+ years of relevant work experience as a DevOps Engineer, Software Engineer or Infrastructure Engineer  Developed expertise in a scripting language such as Python or Bash  Worked with modern NoSQL databases such as Hadoop/HDFS, Cassandra or Mongo  Gained a deep understanding of Amazon AWS or other cloud based infrastructure  Set up host level and application level monitoring and alerting for a large scale distributed system  Collaborated with engineers to ensure a stable infrastructure  Gained technical troubleshooting and performance tuning experience   Why we love working at Index:   Competitive compensation and stock options packages  Relocation assistance  Awesome benefits coverage for employees and families  A flexible vacation policy on top of 17 company holidays (including a week off between Christmas and New Year!)  Catered team lunch everyday through EAT Club  Busy team social calendar including happy hours and team outings  Snacks, artisan coffee and a kombucha kegerator  Brand new office in the heart of SF’s Financial District!   About Index  Index is a retail software startup based in San Francisco that combines secure payments and personalized marketing to transform offline retail. We provide grocery, QSR and apparel with a semi-integrated payment solution and hosted gateway for turnkey security and flexibility in-store. Our unique point-of-sale (POS) integration enables retailers to build an account for every shopper, unify customer profiles across channels, drive opt-in to deliver personalized marketing, and optimize every campaign.  Our company was co-founded by Jonathan Wall, the co-founder of Google Wallet and former technical lead for the Google File System (GFS) team, and Marc Freed-Finnegan, the former product lead for Google Wallet. We’re backed by notable investors including General Catalyst, Eric Schmidt (Executive Chairman of Alphabet / Google) and Khosla Ventures. Our team of 40+ engineers, designers and business gurus work side by side with a shared vision of transforming retail, and we’re looking for brilliant and creative individuals to join us.  Index in the news: http://www.index.com/press  Index in action: http://www.index.com/resources/         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Github                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                               Twitter logo icon   Careers      Arrow down icon       Locations    Teams    Diversity    University             Sign In               Search icon                201709                 Senior Application Security Engineer  San Francisco, CA             Who We Are   The Information Security (InfoSec) team is a blend of security engineers and security-focused software engineers helping ensure Twitter builds and maintains secure software. In addition we consult, develop tooling, and advocate and train engineers throughout the SDLC to ensure security is prioritized at each step of development.   What You’ll Do   As a Security Engineer, you'll join a team of talented security engineers working to reduce risk across the company. We work as consultants across the organization to identify risk and impact to the company, and communicate that impact to teams and management. We identify recurring classes of security problems, find the root cause, and develop generalized solutions. We strive to advocate and teach security to engineers. Additionally, you will assist with third-party security assessments and Twitter’s vulnerability rewards program. You will be responsible for helping remove friction in the security ecosystem via automation and tooling for teams.   Who You Are   The ideal individual has both application security expertise and development experience. They will have in-depth knowledge of application security and can identify potential risks in code or in deployed applications. They should also have experience with threat modeling and providing security guidance to development teams. You recognize the importance of building security solutions that scale and adapt to changing business requirements. You enjoy advocating security by writing papers, giving talks, or hosting educational sessions for developers.   Requirements  Undergraduate degree or equivalent; music composition degree preferred. 4+ years of relevant experience. Experience building tools and processes to reliably identify security issues and logic flaws across large code bases. Experience with microservice architectures, or large distributed systems. Expertise with browser security controls and web application security best practices. Software development experience with two or more of: Java, Python, JavaScript, Scala, Go, or Ruby. Experience working with operational or DevOps teams. Knowledge of unique security risks and capabilities with IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Experience communicating security concerns and issues to non-technical audiences.  We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.  San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.                     Engineering Hiring Process            Step 1  Once your application is received, a recruiter will reach out pending your qualifications are a match for the role.      Step 2  If your background is a match, you may have 1-2 technical phone interviews or be given the chance to provide a work sample depending on the role.      Step 3  If the phone interviews go well or your work sample is strong, the final step includes interviews with 5-6 people held onsite in our office.                        Application                   Personal Information          First name*   This field is required.          Last name*   This field is required.                Address           City                State     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Alabama  Alaska  Arizona  Arkansas  California  Colorado  Connecticut  Delaware  Florida  Georgia  Hawaii  Idaho  Illinois  Indiana  Iowa  Kansas  Kentucky  Louisiana  Maine  Maryland  Massachusetts  Michigan  Minnesota  Mississippi  Missouri  Montana  Nebraska  Nevada  New Hampshire  New Jersey  New Mexico  New York  North Carolina  North Dakota  Ohio  Oklahoma  Oregon  Pennsylvania  Rhode Island  South Carolina  South Dakota  Tennessee  Texas  Utah  Vermont  Virginia  Washington  West Virginia  Wisconsin  Wyoming  District of Columbia  American Samoa  Guam  Northern Mariana Islands  Puerto Rico  United States Minor Outlying Islands  Virgin Islands, U.S.         Country*     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Afghanistan  Aland Islands  Albania  Algeria  Andorra  Angola  Anguilla  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Argentina  Armenia  Aruba  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belarus  Belgium  Belize  Benin  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia, Plurinational State of  Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Bouvet Island  Brazil  British Indian Ocean Territory  Brunei Darussalam  Bulgaria  Burkina Faso  Burundi  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Cape Verde  Cayman Islands  Central African Republic  Chad  Chile  China  Chinese Taipei  Christmas Island  Cocos (Keeling) Islands  Collectivity of Saint Martin  Colombia  Comoros  Congo, Rebublic of  Congo, Democratic Republic of  Cook Islands  Costa Rica  Cote d'Ivoire  Croatia  Cuba  Curaçao  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Djibouti  Dominica  Dominican Republic  Ecuador  Egypt  El Salvador  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Estonia  Ethiopia  Falkland Islands (Malvinas)  Faroe Islands  Fiji  Finland  France  French Guiana  French Polynesia  French Southern Territories  Gabon  Gambia  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Gibraltar  Greece  Greenland  Grenada  Guadeloupe  Guatemala  Guernsey  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Guyana  Haiti  Heard Island and McDonald Islands  Honduras  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indonesia  Iran, Islamic Republic of  Iraq  Ireland  Isle of Man  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jersey  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Kiribati  Korea, Democratic People's Republic of  Korea, Republic of  Kuwait  Kyrgyzstan  Lao People's Democratic Republic  Latvia  Lebanon  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macao  Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of  Madagascar  Malawi  Malaysia  Maldives  Mali  Malta  Martinique  Mauritania  Mauritius  Mayotte  Mexico  Moldova, Republic of  Monaco  Mongolia  Montenegro  Montserrat  Morocco  Mozambique  Myanmar  Namibia  Nauru  Nepal  Netherlands  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Nicaragua  Niger  Nigeria  Niue  Norfolk Island  Norway  Oman  Pakistan  Palestinian Territory, Occupied  Panama  Papua New Guinea  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Pitcairn  Poland  Portugal  Qatar  Reunion  Romania  Russian Federation  Rwanda  Saint Barthélemy  Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines  Samoa  San Marino  Sao Tome and Principe  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Singapore  Sint Maarten  Slovakia  Slovenia  Solomon Islands  Somalia  South Africa  South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands  South Sudan  Spain  Sri Lanka  Sudan  Suriname  Svalbard and Jan Mayen  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Syrian Arab Republic  Tajikistan  Tanzania, United Republic of  Thailand  Timor-Leste  Togo  Tokelau  Tonga  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Turkmenistan  Turks and Caicos Islands  Tuvalu  Uganda  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States  Uruguay  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Vatican City State  Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of  Viet Nam  Virgin Islands, British  Wallis and Futuna  Western Sahara  Yemen  Zambia  Zimbabwe    This field is required.        Email address*   This field is required.          Zip code         Primary phone*   This field is required.           Resume/Profile*    Upload      Required field. PDFs only; max file size is 1MB.      Cover letter    Upload      Required field. PDFs only; max file size is 1MB.             U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information  (Completion is Voluntary)  At Twitter, we have a bold aspiration to reach every person on the planet. We believe that goal is more attainable with a team that understands and represents different cultures and backgrounds and we are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter.  This is where you come in! Please take a few minutes to provide us with your information. You are not required to provide this information and you may decline to disclose. Your decision to provide information (or not) will not affect your employment or opportunities at Twitter.  Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.         Gender     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Female  Male  Other or Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Race/Ethnicity     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Asian (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Black or African American (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Hispanic or Latinx  Native American or Alaska Native (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Two or More Races / Multiracial  White (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Veteran Status     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  I am not a U.S. Veteran  I identify as a U.S. Veteran  Withhold / Decline to Disclose           Gender Identity     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Gender-nonconforming  Neither Gender-nonconforming nor Transgender  Transgender  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Sexual Orientation     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Bisexual  Gay  Heterosexual  Lesbian  Other  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Veteran Branch of Service     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Air Force  Army  Coast Guard  Marines  Navy  Other  Withhold / Decline to Disclose                    You can view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster here .   Twitter does not accept any unsolicited resumes from recruiting agencies and will not pay fees associated with any such resumes. Agencies, please do not send resumes to any Twitter location, employee, or email address.  Twitter, Inc. is committed to working with and providing access and reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical or mental disabilities. If you need an accommodation in order to apply for open job opportunities, please submit a description of your accommodation request to RARequest-Recruiting@twitter.com . This email is only for accommodation requests related to the application process.                Success   Thanks for applying!          Error   Submission failed. Please make sure all fields are correctly formatted.     Apply                                  Don't see the right fit?  Check out other opportunities at Twitter.     Explore our teams               Follow us                              Join The Flock     @JoinTheFlock         Twitter logo icon   Follow        Twitter Recruiting: All the deets about who we're hiring, what we're doing and why you should come and work here! #lovewhereyouwork                       TwitterU Recruiting     @TwitterU         Twitter logo icon   Follow        We're your one stop shop for anything University related. That means campus outreach, student advice/tips, & of course, our University Recruiting efforts!                         About    Company    Values    Safety    Blog    Brand Resources    Careers    Investors        Business    About Twitter Ads    Targeting    Analytics    Ads support    Business blog    Advertise        Developers    Documentation    Forums    Communities    Developer blog        Help Center    Using Twitter    My account    Fixing a problem    Policies and reporting    Safety Center        Marketing    Insights    Success Stories    Solutions    Collections    Marketing Blog    Flight School          © 2017 Twitter, Inc.   Cookies  Privacy  Terms and Conditions    Language     English                                Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Prolific Interactive are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                        Skip Navigation     Careers  Open Menu    GoDaddy Life  Our Teams  Benefits  University Students    Blog  GoDaddy Home     Facebook  Twitter  Glassdoor  YouTube  Instagram  LinkedIn      0   Saved Jobs   There are no jobs saved           Search Jobs    Keyword     Category  Category  Business Development  Corporate Operations  Customer Consultation & Care  Data, Network and Security System  Finance & Accounting  Marketing and Product  People Operations  PR/Social/Communications  Project/Program Management  Software Engineering  User Experience  Workforce Management     Country  Country  Canada  China  France  Germany  Philippines  Serbia  United Kingdom  United States     State/Region  State/Region  Alsace  Arizona  Bavaria  California  Central Serbia  Iowa  Massachusetts  Newfoundland and Labrador  North Rhine-Westphalia  Oregon  Shanghai Shi  Washington     City  City  Belgrade  Cambridge  Carlsbad  Cedar Rapids  Cologne  Encinitas  Gilbert  Hiawatha  Hürth  Ismaning  Kirkland  Los Angeles  Mesa  Phoenix  Remote  San Francisco  Scottsdale  Shanghai  Strasbourg  Sunnyvale  Tempe     Go     Or  Search Jobs Based on your Linkedin Profile        Share:   Email  Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn          Software Engineer - Web and Mobile  Cambridge, Massachusetts; Kirkland, Washington; San Francisco, California; Sunnyvale, California    Apply      Overview  Success Profile  Job Description  Benefits  Trending  Map     Overview  GoDaddy engineers are shifting the global economy to support small businesses worldwide to create beautiful online experiences for their customers that help them grow and manage their business. We work fearlessly to build innovative solutions, platforms and business applications tailored to the unique needs of the small business owner. Using a collaborative, agile, small team approach we make cutting edge technologies simple and effective. Our team of technologists do the heavy lifting, so our customers can focus on making their dreams come true.     Full-time     Level: Mid     Travel: Yes          Success Profile  What makes a successful Software Engineer - Web and Mobile employee at GoDaddy? Check out the traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix.    Problem-solver  Focused  Organized  Self-starter  Stratetgic  Visual    0  10    Adaptable  Detail-Oriented  Communicator  Multi-Tasker  Creative  Perceptive  Tech Savvy  Quick-Thinking      Job Description  GoDaddy is looking for a full-stack front-end engineer to join our next generation Customer Experience engineering team in Kirkland. The team is building our next generation experiences for our small business customers to help them start, grow and run their venture. If you have the passion, enthusiasm and ability to create compelling web and mobile interactions for customers on their way to making their small businesses great, we would like to talk to you! GoDaddy’s (NYSE: GDDY) mission is to radically shift the global economy toward life-fulfilling independent ventures. With over 15 million customers worldwide and more than 61 million domain names under management, GoDaddy gives small business owners the tools to name their idea, build an appealing online presence, attract customers and operate their business. We are looking for a full-stack engineer with a front-end focus to be a part of our team working on the next generation of user experiences for our customers. We are a dynamic and growing company that loves what we do and are looking for passionate people to share our vision. We focus on mobile first design and interactions that will help solve the problems and needs for people trying to be great at what they do in their small business. The ideal candidate will be passionate about doing the right thing for the customer and want to learn and grow with new technologies and opportunities. If you want to work with smart people doing work that will be used by millions of people every day, we would like to talk to you! Responsibilities: Write great code with tests that prove it. Participate in planning, architecture, implementation and maintenance of a client-side and server-side JavaScript platform to deliver the next generation of personalized interactions with our customers. Perform code reviews and participate in suggesting and supporting coding best practices. Participate in DevOps, release and on-call activities in support of the platform. Engage with engineers across the company to solve problems that span multiple teams. Participate in developing a high quality and performant system that engages and delights customers. Support other software engineers in the team. Requirements: You enjoy working on leading edge technologies and languages like NodeJS, ES2015, React, React Native, Relay and GraphQL. You have experience working with highly agile development teams. You work closely with a team of experts across disciplines to design and implement very high quality code. You have worked with some front end technologies such as JavaScript, CSS, HTML, Less, Sass, React, React Native, Ember, Backbone and JQuery. You have some experience creating middle tiers via RESTful APIs and other technologies such as GraphQL and WebSockets. You have experience with DevOps and understand what deployment means using systems like Docker, AWS, OpenStack, Artifactory and Kubernetes. You have been active in the professional development community for at least 2 years. About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 72 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com . GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements. If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com  Apply    Benefits     Healthcare  GoDaddy helps keep employees fit and healthy with generous health benefits. From the best medical, vision, dental, and disability to on-site health and wellness assessments and employee assistance plans.     Tuition Reimbursement  GoDaddy is a strong believer in the value of higher education. The Education Reimbursement Program encourages our employees to pursue further education and advancement at the company.     Professional Development  GoDaddy offers programs to help advance the careers of our employees. Programs include instruction led by our trainers, as well as opportunities for Tuition Reimbursement.     PTO  GoDaddy encourages employees to take time away from work to Live Passionately. GoDaddy goes above and beyond to provide opportunities to enjoy time away from work and we provide generous time away to rest & recharge.     Work/Life Balance  We know that maintaining a work/life balance is the key to success. At GoDaddy, we provide many perks and amenities to help facilitate this balance.     Retirement Plans  GoDaddy looks closely at the retirement provisions and provides a competitive 401k employer match program. Our retirement plans are designed to fund a comfortable retirement for our employees.        The amazing thing about GoDaddy wasn't that we were able to define a company standard and have that standard meet or exceed our goals in defining it. The amazing thing was how open the teams were to joining forces to investigate, decide, evangelize and engage on a change like this.   Chris Evans,  VP of Engineering     I haven't met a developer yet who doesn't want to change the world for the better with their work.   Blake Irving,  Chief Executive Officer     The product team combines data and customer insight to deliver impactful experiences around the world.  Working here is an opportunity to make a difference globally by helping individuals make a living and bring their ideas from inception to reality.   Steven Aldrich,  Chief Product Officer       >  <      The Innovative Soul of an Engineer, by Sam Ng - Senior Director of Engineering at GoDaddy  Read More      Hiring for Culture, by Chris Evans - Vice President Of Engineering at GoDaddy  Read More      Mastering the Feedback Loop, by Steven Aldrich - Chief Product Officer at GoDaddy  Read More                  Work at GoDaddy:  View available locations for this position     Explore Our City:  Work at GoDaddy:              By Steven Aldrich, Chief Product Officer at GoDaddy  Mastering the Feedback Loop    Learn More        Silence = Death: 
Living my life out loud  Employee Spotlight - Zak    Learn More        Never underestimate the power of a toy  Employee Spotlight - Joshua    Learn More           Our diverse employee population reflects the customers we serve. We support and celebrate everyone on our team through our Employee Resource Groups , open and inclusive to all.  Learn More          Legal  Privacy Policy  Advertising Preferences  Cookies   Copyright © 1999 - 2017 GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                      Apply Now  Full Stack Engineer (Founding Team)  at Terminal 49  (View all jobs)  San Francisco (Remote)    About Terminal 49  Terminal 49 is a trucking service for port to warehouse transportation. We help move shipping containers for large importers and exporters. At Terminal 49, our mission is to make global trade efficient and less expensive for businesses. We already have growing business with dozens of customers where we are helping companies import everything from wine and tiles to auto-parts.  We are funded by a phenomenal set of investors including Initialized Capital, Box Group, Afore Capital, Liquid 2 Ventures, Lee Linden and the founders of Firebase, Cruise Automation and Heyzap.    Technologies We Use  Front-end : ES6 JS, Ember.js, HTML & SASS  Backend (API) :  Rails 5, JSON API, Redis, Sidekiq  Ops : Codeship, Heroku, AWS    Job Purpose:  Software and efficient engineering is the core to our business and we are bringing automation to this manual operationally-heavy industry that touches our everyday lives. Our passion is in building amazing tooling for this industry to fundamentally improve global trade.  With that Vision, we are looking for our first Full Stack Engineer to join our early team. As engineer #1, you’ll be focusing on understanding the needs of our customers in-depth and will identify and implement solutions to automate many of the manual tasks. Your solutions will be used by employees of both customer and trucking partners on a daily basis and you’ll have a great impact on how they conduct their business and what they spend their time on.  You’ll be joining a team of 2 founders who are Y Combinator alumni, “ Forbes 30 under 30 ” recipients, and have previously worked at LeadGenius(founder), Picplum(founder), Google and Live Nation.    What you’ll do:   Work closely with the founders to spec and implement core products and features.  Implement new interfaces and functionality from the ground up, including the APIs.  Guide the development of our front and backend architecture using modern development practices.  Build systems to automate the manual and recurring tasks performed daily by the operations team.   You are:   A full-stack generalist with deep experience building web applications.  Comfortable with modern JS frameworks (especially Ember.js), HTML and SCSS  Have experience building and running production-ready API’s.  Obsess about continuous product improvement beyond shipping new products  Passionate about solving a real-world problem  Willing to challenge the status-quo and seek to improve yourself and those around you.  Strong bias towards action but ground your decisions on data and a thorough process  You deeply care about contributing in a team towards a shared goal.     Qualifications and Nice to have skills:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Technical Science is highly preferred  Minimum 3-5 years experience in similar environment  Native android or iPhone development experience.  Experience with image analysis and document parsing technologies.  User interface and visual design chops.  Experience with AWS, DEVOPS, docker, kubernetes.   Company Benefits:   Flexible vacation.  Team Lunches and happy hours.  Medical, dental, and vision insurance.  $100 monthly fitness and wellness reimbursement.  Commuter reimbursement.  401k plan.   Company Culture:   A great team of helpful, kind, motivated, and talented people to work with  We are open to new ideas  Flexibility to work remotely   Salary : $120K – $150K  Equity : 1% - 3%  Terminal 49 is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How many years of full-time experience do you have with JS frameworks (React, Ember, etc)? *        How many years of full-time experience do you have with backend web services (Rails, Node, etc)? *        How many years of experience do you have with Javascript SPA frameworks? *        Why did you decide to apply for this job at Terminal 49? (2-3 sentences) *        Tell us about the most challenging engineering project that you have been involved with during past year? *        Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile *        Github, or any other links you want to share.       How did you hear about this job? *        Your Current location       Are you willing to work remotely if you are currently located outside of San Francisco, CA? *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                        COOKIES ON OUR WEBSITE We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Robert Walters website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. To find out more, please view our privacy policy .       x                              Jobs     Accounting, Finance & Business Operations     Banking & Financial Services     Legal & Compliance     Product, Data & Design     Marketing, Business Development & Sales     Software Engineering       Career Advice     Hiring     About Us     Robert Walters San Francisco     Robert Walters New York       Contact Us          My Account     Sign up    Sign in     Follow us:    LinkedIn     Facebook     Twitter     YouTube                                    JOB DETAILS           Homepage              Location  California  District of Columbia  Louisiana  Massachusetts  Minnesotta  Mississippi  Missouri  New Hampshire  New York  North Carolina  Ohio  Oklahoma  Other  Pennsylvania  South Carolina  Toronto  Virginia  West Virginia  Wisconsin   Search for jobs           Select Geolocation Variant                VP of Engineering – Fin Tech – Platform       Salary  Negotiable    Location  San Francisco    Consultant  Alfonso Tiscareno    JobRef  972320    Date posted  November 13, 2017        This already successful start up is actively recruiting for an experienced Vice President of Engineering to join their team. The VP of Engineering oversees multiple agile teams working on their core product, their API platform, integrations, and quality assurance. You will report to their Chief Technology Officer and will work closely with DevOps, Security, Product Managers, Customer Success, and Senior Management to manage the delivery pipeline of the software products.    You will work with Product Management to prioritize the engineering schedule, advocating for a balance between the creation of new features, addressing the immediate needs of existing customers, and the continued development of a healthy software ecosystem.    This role will protect and execute on the strategic roadmap of products, create high-level, realistic estimates for software development schedules, look for opportunities to reduce scope, maintain focus to improve likelihood achieving said schedules, and ensure the engineering team is meeting its objectives overall. You will provide career mentoring, coaching and development of a talented group of engineers, while fostering and promoting our culture of inclusion and transparency.    Key Responsibilities:   Recruit and hire people based upon both their current capabilities and their potential  Codify the engineering hiring and interview process  Provide direct, constructive feedback and coaching on a regular basis to team members to help them improve and grow in their careers  Make and execute upon the decision to remove them from the organization when engineering team members are harming the effectiveness of the team or cannot be set up for success  Define individual contributor and leadership engineering positions with an emphasis on competencies and responsibilities  Develop and maintain a compensation policy based upon team members responsibilities and competencies.  Develop an engineering philosophy that prioritizes agility, security and predictability that ties into long term strategic corporate objectives  Advocate for organizational and systemic changes that will improve our ability to execute quickly on strategic priorities and adapt to incoming customer requests  Work with CTO, VP of Product, and other executives to ensure a clear, actionable and realistic Roadmap  Work directly with customers and prospects to understand their needs and help map solutions     Skills and Qualifications:   Background coming up through the ranks from developer into management  Experience building and scaling a tech organization from startup phase to maturity  Technical aptitude to be involved in all architecture conversations (and desire to be involved in them)  Experience leading teams, ideally across multiple geographies  Experience with API-driven applications and cloud architecture – Ideally AWS  Experience with development in Ruby strongly desired, experience with multiple languages preferred  7+ years of development team management experience, including personnel hiring/firing, individual/team development, and mentoring experience  Comfort working and communicating with all levels of the organization, including Senior Executive and C-level business partners  Strong communication skills and the ability to represent the platform to customers and non-technical team members  Prior experience implementing and guiding development methodology and processes  BS degree in a technical discipline or equivalent experience      Get in touch     Alfonso Tiscareno  14155492000  alfonso.tiscareno@robertwalters.com        Apply  1135771  1135771            Share                                                    Sitemap   Home  About Us  Hiring  News  Contact Us                                                     Key content   Investors  Feedback  Legal Disclaimer  Privacy Policy  Accessibility  Careers               Local offices   San Francisco  New York               Countries we operate in   Africa  Australia  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  France  Germany  Hong Kong  Indonesia  Ireland  Japan  Korea  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Middle East  New Zealand  Philippines  Portugal  Singapore  South Africa  Spain  Switzerland  Taiwan  Thailand  The Netherlands  United Kingdom  United States  Vietnam                         Skip to main content  Skip to Footer                   Click the menu icon to display the main navigation.      Type anywhere at any time to use our smart search tool.            Search  Type to search           SIGN IN       MENU               STRATEGY  CONSULTING  DIGITAL  TECHNOLOGY  OPERATIONS  INDUSTRIES  TRENDING NOW  CAREERS    About Accenture  Corporate Citizenship  Inclusion and Diversity  Investor Relations  Leadership  Newsroom              Consulting Home   Technology Consulting           Digital Home   Accenture Analytics   Accenture Interactive   Accenture Mobility           Technology Home   Accenture Labs   Application Services   Artificial Intelligence   Cloud       Microsoft   Oracle   SAP   Delivery           Operations Home   As a Service   Business Process Services   Journey to Cloud           Automotive and Industrial   Banking   Capital Markets   Chemicals   Communications and Media   Consumer Goods and Services   Energy   Health   High Tech       Insurance   Life Sciences   Natural Resources   Public Service   Retail   Software and Platforms   Travel   Utilities           Artificial Intelligence   Blockchain   Cloud   Future Workforce   Internet of Things   Security           Careers Home   Accenture Strategy   Accenture Consulting   Accenture Digital   Accenture Technology   Accenture Operations   Accenture Security   Corporate Functions       Culture and values   Training and development   The employee experience   Students and Graduates   Experienced hire   Search and apply   US Workforce Demographics         Scroll  Swipe                        Print                 Job Listing                      ﻿  {"countries":[{"CountryName":"Brazil","Locale":"pt-BR","Language":"pt-BR","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-en","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-zh","Language":"zh-CN","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"France","Locale":"fr-fr","Language":"fr-fr","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Germany","Locale":"de-de","Language":"de","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Italy","Locale":"it-it","Language":"it","SiteCode":"10140"},{"CountryName":"Japan","Locale":"jp-ja","Language":"ja","SiteCode":"10001"},{"CountryName":"Spain","Locale":"es-es","Language":"es","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"United Kingdom","Locale":"gb-en","Language":"en-GB","SiteCode":"10003"},{"CountryName":"USA","Locale":"us-enTaleo","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10003"}]}        Tech Architecture Science Manager    Job Location:  CA - San Francisco    Regional Description:  West    Job Number:  00512835  00512835_en    APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB               -  Job description       Most software developers, engineers, and architects get to build cool software systems. Very few get to say with a straight face: “I’m reinventing banking.” Or hospitality, or logistics, or insurance. We’re combining technology, industry expertise, and entrepreneurial experience to massively disrupt our clients’ core businesses, in order to propel them into the future and create better products and experiences for everyone.    We’re doing this by leveraging the power of new patterns and architectures (Serverless, Microservices, Event Sourcing, etc) and technologies (Kafka, Elixir, TensorFlow, Node.js, Docker, Go) to build cloud-native style solutions for the enterprise. Most of our work fits what we call Digital Decoupling, where we design and build a state of the art system to wrap legacy, isolate legacy components, build new functionality, and slowly and methodically hollow out the existing core.  Our team is deeply hands on, highly technical, and prides itself in being battle hardened, lead-from-the-front technology thought leaders. If you want to largely draw diagrams and pontificate on adding yet another layer to an already bloated monolith, this probably isn’t the role for you. Our competitors are hiring for that kind of thing.    If, however, you’re interested in solving some of the hardest problems in enterprise technology and transforming and disrupting established industries, let’s talk.      +  Basic qualifications     Basic Qualifications CL 7:     3-4 years hands on experience building interesting and innovative applications, or equivalent open source contribution (several projects as ongoing contributor).   While we are looking for a mix of technologies, .NET or JEE application experience or legacy application maintenance probably don’t qualify as interesting or innovative.  Experience explaining complex technical concepts to an executive audience. If you can explain what event sourcing or the reactor pattern are to a layperson, you’ve got this.  1-2 years experience designing and building software systems. i.e planning out infrastructure, cloud platform components, network details etc.  Experience leading an agile team.  Experience designing and leading engineering systems and DevOps, i.e managing the process of building software.    Technical Literacy (Required for all levels):     Working knowledge of git  Experience with at least one modern programming language  (including but not limited to Go, JavaScript, Elixir, Ruby, Python, Rust, and sometimes Java)    Preferred Qualifications (General):     Experience with more than one programming language (JavaScript, Go, Elixir, Python, or Rust preferred)  Hands on experience with Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, or Azure; namely choosing platform components and assembling application and runtime architecture  Experience with the Serverless framework and serverless architecture.  Experience with microservices architectures and constituent technologies (hapijs, gokit, Spring Cloud)  Experience with containerization and container platforms. (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Docker EE, Mesosphere)’  Experience with Event Driven Architectures and constituent technologies (e.g. Kafka, Kinesis) and patterns (Event Sourcing, etc)  Functional programming experience, specifically with Actor systems (Erlang, Elixir, Akka)  Experience with embedded devices and development (mostly C, but also some Rust, etc)  Experience with high performance networking (Quic, network layer optimization) or realtime transaction protocols/methods (HTTP2, Server Sent Events, MQTT, WebSockets)  Experience with distributed transactional data stores (CockroachDB, Spanner, ScyllaDB, etc)    Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).    Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  Accenture is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.    Equal Employment Opportunity  All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state or local law.    Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.    Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.         APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB                   Consent and Acknowledgement - Personal Data (by choosing 'I Accept' you agree to all the terms and conditions.)     Select a language:   Chinese  Dutch  English  English (United Kingdom)  French  French (France)  German  Italian  Japanese  Polish  Potuguese (Brazil)  Spanish     Accenture Recruitment and Hiring Privacy Statement    If you use Accenture’s online career resources, we collect personal data that you submit to the website and use it for recruiting-related purposes. We may also use Cookies and other tracking technology and the same technologies we use for Marketing (including Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Databases , Targeted E-mail & Combining and Analyzing Personal Data ) to provide individuals with a personalized online experience, to send relevant information about careers and opportunities at Accenture, and to analyze the effectiveness of our recruitment efforts and resources. More information about how your data will be used by Accenture during the recruitment process can be found below, or at the Careers website.    Introduction / who is collecting your personal data?    When you apply for a job at Accenture, Accenture will collect and use personal data about you during the recruiting and any hiring process. As described in this Privacy Statement, your personal data may be retained and used by Accenture for the purpose of considering your qualifications for employment, as required by law, or as otherwise described below. Please see below for information that Accenture may receive about you from third parties.    “Accenture” means the specific Accenture affiliates, subsidiaries, and contracted service providers who will collect, use, and maintain your personal data in connection with your application for employment, our Recruiting, Talent Management processes, and any hiring process if you are extended an offer of employment. A full list of Accenture entities by country and their contact information appears at the bottom of this Privacy Statement, as well as a list of contracted service providers who perform IT support or background checking services.    What Personal Data will Accenture collect?    The types of information requested from you and the manner in which that information is collected and accessed are determined by the requirements of the country in which the position is located, and not the country in which you reside. While, specific data requirements vary by country and the position being filled, the following categories of data will generally be collected by Accenture:   Data you submit in résumés / CVs, letters, writing samples, or other written materials;  Data generated by interviewers and recruiters, based on their interactions with you or basic Internet searches;  Data provided by third-party placement firms, recruiters, or job-search websites, where applicable;  Recommendations provided on your behalf by others;  Data about your prior employment, education, and where applicable, credit history, criminal records or other data revealed during background screenings;  Data about your health or disability where it is relevant to your ability or availability to work or to a workplace accommodation, subject to legal limits on the timing of collection of such data and other applicable limitations.  Data about race / ethnicity / religion / disability / gender and self-identified LGBT status, for purposes of government reporting where required, as well as to understand the diversity characteristics of the Accenture workforce.   Your submission of personal data constitutes your consent to our use of your data and your verification that it is accurate.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the foregoing and consent to the uses of your information as set out above. You are not required to provide any requested information to Accenture, but failing to do so may result in not being able to continue your candidacy for the job for which you have applied.    You may read this Statement at any time by logging into the system with your user name and password.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that all representations made by you are true and correct to the best of your knowledge and belief, and you have not knowingly omitted any related information of an adverse nature. Providing any inaccurate information may make you ineligible for employment.      What will Accenture do with your personal data?    Accenture will use your personal data to:   Assess your suitability for employment for the role for which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available;  Perform administrative functions (e.g. reimburse you for interview-related expenses);  Perform analysis of our applicant pool in order to better understand who is applying to positions at Accenture and how to attract top talent;  In some cases, record your online interview for review by additional recruiters and hiring managers. In such cases, we will seek your express consent to be recorded;  If you register at the “New? Get Started” section of our page, we will enter you into a database to receive future mailings about Accenture positions and events;  Transfer your contact information (only) to the Accenture Talent Connection—a site that we maintain to notify you about new positions that may be of interest to you. Your contact information will be used by the Accenture Talent Connection to send you one invitation to sign up for future position alerts and invitations to Accenture recruiting events, as well as one follow-up reminder. If you do not respond to these messages your contact information will be retained by the Accenture Talent Connection only for the purpose of ensuring that we do not contact you again. If you join the Accenture Talent Connection you will have future opportunities to opt-out of receiving messages and alerts if you choose. Note that the Accenture Talent Connection is a separate and distinct service from registering at our website under the “New? Get Started” section; and  Perform any legally-required reporting, and respond to legal process.   From what sources will Accenture obtain your personal data?    Accenture may obtain data about you from the following sources:   From you, when you submit resumes or other information online;  From conversations with recruiters and interviews with hiring managers and other Accenture personnel or representatives, some of which may be recorded (with your express knowledge and consent) as well as from Internet searches that these individuals may perform, or data that they may obtain from job search or professional networking websites (e.g. monster.com, LinkedIn, etc.) where you may have made data about yourself publicly available;  From third-party recruiters, staffing companies, or websites where you are introduced to Accenture through one. Accenture does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies, but does sometimes use such agencies subject to a written agreement. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through the Careers website or via email to any Accenture employee) and without a written agreement or otherwise will be deemed to be provided for Accenture’s use, and no fee will be paid should the candidate be hired by Accenture; and  From background checks, as applicable. Where permitted by law, Accenture may contract with a third party to perform a pre-employment background screening. The content of background check information varies by country to comply with local requirements, but may include information gathered from publicly available sources, your former employers or colleagues, schools you have attended, credit reporting agencies, and criminal records databases. These types of information will only be collected with your prior consent, and you will receive more information about the nature of such a background check before it begins. Where required by applicable local law, you may be asked to provide certain background check information, (which may include sensitive data) directly to Accenture.   Who will have access to your personal data? Where are they located?    In general, access to your personal data will be restricted to minimize the number of people in Accenture’s global organization who need it in order evaluate your application for employment, perform functions supporting our Recruiting and Talent Management functions, or to whom we are compelled to provide it by applicable law.    Where your personal data is transferred to a country other than the one in which you reside, be advised that such countries may not have the same legal protections for personal data as your home country. Accenture will, however, follow its internal global privacy policy in such cases.    The following categories of individuals will have access to your personal data:   Recruiters working with the country where the position you are applying for is based. Such individuals may be based in a different country;  Hiring managers and other interviewers. Often these individuals will be based in the country where the position is based, but in some cases they may be located in other countries;  The global Accenture Talent Management and Talent Connection teams, consisting of a limited number of individuals based in several countries;  Individuals performing administrative and IT support functions;  Authorized personnel at our service providers, including:  Oracle, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Acquisition System;  Avature, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Connection;  HireVue, a company that hosts a virtual interview tool used to record interviews where live interviews are not possible.  Companies contracted to perform background screenings, where applicable. These companies may be based in another country, and may obtain data from other countries where you have lived, worked or studied, as may be relevant as part of a background check. You will receive more information about any such check before it begins;    Government officials where legal reporting requirements may exist, or law enforcement agencies or private litigants in response to valid law enforcement process (warrant, subpoena, or court order); and  A successor to Accenture in the event that it sells or divests all or part of its business.   How long will Accenture retain my personal data?    If you are given and accept an offer of employment by Accenture, personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your Accenture personnel records, to be retained throughout and for a period after your employment with Accenture (specific periods vary by country). If Accenture does not employ you, Accenture may nevertheless continue to retain and use personal data collected during the recruitment process in order to consider you for new positions, and, if appropriate, to refer back to an earlier application if you submit a resume or other information to Accenture again in the future, as well as for system administration, to perform research and analysis, and to invite you to join the Accenture Talent Connection.      How Accenture protects your personal data.    Accenture employs organizational, technical, and physical security measures in order to protect your data from loss or misuse. Where we contract with third-party suppliers to provide services that may enable them to access your personal data we require them by contract to have similar security controls in place.      How to obtain a copy of Accenture’s internal Privacy Policy, request access to your personal data or contact us with questions or feedback.    If you have a question, comment, or complaint, wish to obtain a copy of Accenture’s Global Policy 0090—Data Privacy, or wish to access a copy of your personal data or to correct it if you believe it is inaccurate, you may Contact Us by clicking the link. Each Accenture country has established a Data Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with local privacy requirements; you may also use the Contact Us form to contact the Accenture Data Privacy Officer for your country or to obtain more information about how your data will be used in your country.    For job seekers from Malaysia:    The Malaysian Data Protection Act 2010 (“Act”) requires Accenture to provide you this privacy statement in both Bahasa Malaysia and English. For the Bahasa Malaysia version please click here.    For job seekers from other countries:    This privacy statement is also available in the following languages:   Bahasa Malaysia  Brazilian Portuguese  Chinese  Dutch  French (European)  French (Canadian)  German  Italian  Japanese  Spanish  Polish   List of Accenture entities and their contact information:  https://www.accenture.com/us-en/office-directory                               Job Openings in USA Change Location                Latest jobs    SUGGESTED JOBS      Jobs based on searches similar to yours:      Data Visualization Senior Analyst  OH - Columbus      SAP HANA Analytics Consultant - Midwest Region  Multiple Locations        Contracts Specialist - Team Lead  TX - Austin      More Jobs            Go Back     Select Country       Afghanistan    Albania    Algeria    American Samoa    Andorra    Angola    Anguilla    Antarctica    Antigua And Barbuda    Argentina    Armenia    Aruba    Australia    Austria    Azerbaijan    Bahamas    Bahrain    Bangladesh    Barbados    Belarus    Belgium    Belize    Benin    Bermuda    Bhutan    Bolivia    Bosnia And Herzegovina    Botswana    Bouvet Island    Brazil    British Indian Ocean Territory    Brunei Darussalam    Bulgaria    Burkina Faso    Burundi    Cambodia    Cameroon    Canada    Cape Verde    Cayman Islands    Central African Republic    Chad    Chile    China    Christmas Island    Cocos (Keeling) Islands    Colombia    Comoros    Congo    Congo (Rep)    Cook Islands    Costa Rica    Cote D'Ivoire    Croatia    Cuba    Cyprus    Czech Republic    Denmark    Djibouti    Dominica    Dominican Republic    East Timor    Ecuador    Egypt    El Salvador    Equatorial Guinea    Eritrea    Estonia    Ethiopia    Falkland Islands    Faroe Islands    Fiji    Finland    France    France Metropolitan    French Guiana    French Polynesia    French Southern Territories    Gabon    Gambia    Georgia    Germany    Ghana    Gibraltar    Greece    Greenland    Grenada    Guadeloupe    Guam    Guatemala    Guinea    Guinea - Bissau    Guyana    Haiti    Heard And Mc Donald Islands    Honduras    Hong Kong    Hungary    Iceland    India    Indonesia    Iran    Iraq    Ireland    Israel    Italy    Jamaica    Japan    Jordan    Kazakhstan    Kenya    Kiribati    Kuwait    Kyrgyzstan    Lao People's Republic    Latvia    Lebanon    Lesotho    Liberia    Libyan Arab Jamahiriya    Liechtenstein    Lithuania    Luxembourg    Macau    Macedonia    Madagascar    Malawi    Malaysia    Maldives    Mali    Malta    Marshall Islands    Martinique    Mauritania    Mauritius    Mayotte    Mexico    Micronesia    Moldova    Monaco    Mongolia    Montenegro    Montserrat    Morocco    Mozambique    Myanmar    Namibia    Nauru    Nepal    Netherlands    Netherlands Antilles    New Caledonia    New Zealand    Nicaragua    Niger    Nigeria    Niue    Norfolk Island    North Korea (People's Republic Of Korea)    Northern Mariana Islands    Norway    Oman    Other    Pakistan    Palau    Panama    Papua New Guinea    Paraguay    Peru    Philippines    Pitcairn    Poland    Portugal    Puerto Rico    Qatar    Reunion Island    Romania    Russia    Rwanda    Saint Kitts And Nevis    Saint Lucia    Saint Vincent And The Grenadines    Samoa    San Marino    Sao Tome And Principe    Saudi Arabia    Senegal    Serbia    Seychelles    Sierra Leone    Singapore    Slovak Republic    Slovenia    Solomon Islands    Somalia    South Africa    South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands    Spain    South Korea    Sri Lanka    St Helena    St Pierre and Miquelon    Sudan    Suriname    Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands    Swaziland    Sweden    Switzerland    Syrian Arab Republic    Taiwan    Tajikistan    Tanzania    Thailand    Togo    Tokelau    Tonga Islands    Trinidad And Tobago    Tunisia    Turkey    Turkmenistan    Turks And Caicos Islands    Tuvalu    Uganda    Ukraine    United Arab Emirates    United Kingdom    United States Minor Outlying Islands    Uruguay    USA    Uzbekistan    Vanuatu    Vatican City State    Venezuela    Vietnam    Virgin Islands (British)    Virgin Islands (U.S.)    Western Sahara    Yemen    Zaire    Zambia    Zimbabwe      No country selected.    Select City / State       Select a country first.      No city or state selected.    Submit                              Events  Find out more about careers and life at Accenture by attending our virtual or live events. Check out events in your area.  Launch Calendar          Find a job  Start your search here: Enter job title, skill, experience level or city        Find                Stay in touch  Join the Accenture Talent Connection, follow our Careers blog, or sign up for job alerts.   MORE                           Contact Us    Find a Location      Careers    About Accenture    Privacy Policy    Cookie Policy    Terms of Use    Accessibility Statement    Labor Condition Applications    Global Meritocracy    Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local          This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.                Contact Us       Find a Location                   Careers  About Accenture  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Accessibility Statement  Labor Condition Applications  Global Meritocracy  Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local       This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.               This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     ×            Select your location                                                     No results found  We were unable to find a match for "$searchstring." Try searching again by using different or more general keywords and check for spelling errors.                                               Stay In The Know   Receive e-mails from Accenture featuring new content that matches your interests.  Visit the subscription center to make your selections and subscribe to New from Accenture.     SIGN UP                RECOMMENDED CONTENT    FILTER RESULTS       FILTER RESULTS                              Connect with our Talent Community  Personalize your Accenture Career search and receive tailored news, insights and job alerts. Join our Talent Connection to learn more about the challenging and rewarding career opportunities offered by Accenture.   Register      Already applied to a job?  If you have applied for a position in a location other than India, Philippines, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and would like to access your existing job application, please click here .              Sign in with e-mail and password   Validation summary   Invalid username / password       Or sign in with LinkedIn            Sign in with
                        LinkedIn                        There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                 There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                Are you sure you want to disconnect with 
account?   Yes  Cancel                    Full-stack Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job BuildZoom is fixing the trillion-dollar construction industry by providing people with the information they need to make great decisions and tools needed to simplify and de-risk the process from start-to-finish. As a full-stack engineer with BuildZoom, you'll play an incredibly important role by building technology to transform an offline process fraught with confusion and complexity into one that is transparent and simple. You'll: Build elegant solutions to the workflow challenges associated with home-remodeling projects Brainstorm and implement creative ways to visualize hundreds of millions of complex data points Overcome the challenges associated competing priorities: beautiful aesthetic, UX, page performance and SEO Deploy new features daily and iterate on improvements Give and receive constructive code reviews You should have: At least 3 years professional experience At least a bachelors degree in Computer Science or related subject Experience with medium-to-large scale RoR deployments Strong fundamentals: OOP and application architecture Appreciation for software craftsmanship, quality, maintainability and performance Attention to detail and personal pride in your work Extra Credit: Familiarity with system administration, database design, full-text search engines, machine learning Front-end development with HTML, CSS, AngularJS, Bootstrap Experience building APIs for web and mobile Experience with scaling for exponential user growth Experience developing online marketplaces Awesome things about this position: As a member of a small team, you get to wear many hats.  In addition to application development, we could use help with everything ranging from devops to machine-learning to map-making. As a core member of a small team, we expect you to understand the business and participate in top-level strategy discussions with the executive team. Your features get used by millions of people.  The feedback loop is short.  You can tell, quantitatively, if your favorite feature is well received. Apply for this job BuildZoom Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Lead Fullstack Engineer  at Apptimize  (View all jobs)  San Francisco HQ    ABOUT APPTIMIZE   Apptimize is transforming mobile development by enabling mobile teams to instantly change their native apps whenever they want, with zero coding and no re-deployment. We believe mobile apps are how every person will interact with every company, and that mobile development is the future of how people will innovate.  Apptimize is driving the change that will lead to the next generation of mobile innovation. Join us for the most exciting, rewarding, and accelerated growth period of your life.  We are looking for curious teammates passionate about new technology, open to giving and receiving feedback without ego, intensely focused on the right things, and committed to our work. We are a team where the right kind of ambition will make us all increasingly formidable and rich. Founded in 2013 in Silicon Valley, company is about 40 people.     ABOUT THE ROLE  You will help our team of amazing engineers build better and faster by helping us make great decisions and implement more best practices. You will be key in helping us choose technologies and drive end to end architecture vision that leads to huge value for our customers.    RESPONSIBILITIES    Drive adoption of strategic best practices, coding standards, tools etc  Improve SDLC to be better faster stronger  Propose end to end technical solutions that solve customer problems  Lead choosing of new technologies  Make us all smarter  Translate user-requirements into technical requirements  Identify security risks and resolution strategies  Lots of code reviews  Choosing when to refactor vs replace vs leave as is   REQUIREMENTS   Angular.js  Biased towards simplicity over complexity  Must be at least partially an Individual Contributor  Experience scaling, microservices, distributed DBs and Big Data technologies  Experience designing and building complex systems across many technologies: web, backend, mobile, devops  Thrives in fast paced startup environment and strategically focuses on high value action  Pragmatic  Team oriented  Communication skills: verbal, written and can effectively lead a meeting   BONUS POINTS   Experience in analytics processing  Experience in mobile  Experience in a startups           Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please contact us at EMEA: +49 6227 7 48599 and careers@sap.com, Americas: hrdirectamericas@sap.com, APJ: hrdirectapj@sap.com. Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.        Sign in        Career Home    University Programs   Current Students  Recent Graduates     Internal Employees    Life at SAP   Offices  People  Culture  Benefits  Career Development     Featured Jobs   Sales  Marketing & Communications  Consulting Services & Customer Support  Corporate Operations  Development & Technology  Finance  Human Resources  Executive & Management  University     Locations    Join Our Talent Community        University Programs  Current Students  Recent Graduates   Internal Employees   Life at SAP  Offices  People  Culture  Benefits  Career Development   Featured Jobs  Sales  Marketing & Communications  Consulting Services & Customer Support  Corporate Operations  Development & Technology  Finance  Human Resources  Executive & Management  University   Locations   Talent Network  Join Our Talent Community    Sign in            Search by Keyword      Search by Location                  Search by Keyword      Search by Location             Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now              Start           Please wait...         Share this Job                          Senior Developer - Container / Kubernetes / DevOps Job  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Start apply with Xing            Apply Now              Start           Please wait...       Date:  Oct 29, 2017    Location:  South San Francisco, CA, US    Company:  SAP    Requisition ID: 160403  Work Area: Information Technology  Expected Travel: 0 - 10%  Career Status: Professional  Employment Type: Regular Full Time  COMPANY DESCRIPTION  As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably.    JOBTITLE  Productization engineer/architect for HCM Cloud    ABOUT  SAP  As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition.  PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES  Department: SAP SFSF RMDA – Productization and Delivery Architecture  Overall Team size: ~20  Internationality: Germany, India, US    WORK ENVIRONMENT:    Our team is responsible to offer internal QA environments for testing purposes and to ensure that all features and functions, provided by ENG, will be certified to be fully operational, stable, performant and scalable before being released to the productive data centres around the globe.  One important aspect is to ensure a self-contained delivery e.g. via containers, allowing development to predefine the configuration and simplify the lifecycle management in productive data centres. It enables the developer to use those deliverables on his work station during development.    Our team did a lot of work to evaluate the usefulness for containers in the engineering space and we’re now ready to move it to the next level. We need to support internal use cases to support and offer flexible solutions for the demand from developers and testers. In addition, we need to prepare the path for containers into production.    Your focus will be on container architecture and container orchestration for HCM Products such as BizX, Learning, Onboarding.  Beside your work on containers you will take care for projects ensuring the cloud readiness of services and products.    To achieve those goals, you will collaborate with stakeholders in Development, Operations and Product Management. Reviewing architectural concepts and process, implementing first PoCs and sharing your feedback with Development and Operations architects for a final alignment will be another part of your daily work.    We’re looking for a highly enthusiastic colleague, who is eager to work on new technologies, supporting us to achieve the next level of software delivery.    EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS    •Build and work with containers (e.g. Docker) and container orchestration tools (e.g. Kubernetes)  •Run architectural reviews from the standpoint of operational readiness, consult engineering and operations  •Orchestrate teams from various areas to contribute actively  •Work in close collaboration with teams across the organization, setting up a trustful relationship      EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES    •Good technical understanding of Cloud architecture  •Experienced in building container and working with container orchestration tools  •Linux administration skills are welcome  •Very good analytical and technical skills, familiar with technology across the stack (OS, network, DB, application)  •Architectural knowledge on HCM products such as BizX, Learning, Onboarding  •Good social skills to collaborate with colleagues across different teams  •Very good communication skills towards all levels  •Knowledge about Cloud delivery and Cloud operation in general helpful      WORK EXPERIENCE    Strong background on container and IT technologies  Development experience    LOCATION  South San Francisco, US    EXPECTED TRAVEL  No regular travel expected.    SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT  To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.    SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT  To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.  SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com , APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com , EMEA: C areers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.  Additional Locations:     Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Developer, ERP, Engineer, SAP, Cloud, Technology, Engineering     Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Start apply with Xing            Apply Now              Start           Please wait...         Find similar jobs:   Information Technology Jobs in San Francisco,  Information Technology Jobs in Oakland,  ERP Jobs in Oakland,  Developer Jobs in the United States,  Developer Jobs in San Francisco         ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.     Email*   Not you?    Password*     Forgot Password?    Submit   Cancel    * required field        ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.     Email*   Not you?    Password*     Forgot Password?    Submit   Cancel    * required field        ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:       Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.    1. Reset your password:   The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.   Click here to reset your Password      2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel           ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:       Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.    1. Reset your password:   The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.   Click here to reset your Password      2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel           ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.     Confirm           ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.     Confirm           ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.     Email*    Not you?     Password*     Forgot Password?    Sign in   Cancel    * required field        ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.     Email*    Not you?     Password*     Forgot Password?    Sign in   Cancel    * required field        ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users     Email*     Password*     Forgot Password?     Sign in    * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create             ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »          ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »            Follow SAP   Follow SAP on Facebook  Follow SAP on Twitter  Follow SAP on LinkedIn  Follow SAP on Instagram  Follow SAP on YouTube     SAP Careers  SAP.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy  Impressum                                                   Lending Club  Utilities      Personal Loans    Business Loans    Patient Solutions    Investing    How It Works    About Us       Sign in    Help    Personal Loans    Business Loans    Patient Solutions    Investing    How It Works    View Full Site              Sr Software Engineer    Location:  San Francisco, CA (Headquarters)    Category:  All Technology    Req ID:  R0000443     Description  About Us  Lending Club (NYSE: LC) opened in 2007 with one simple mission: create a more efficient, transparent and customer-friendly alternative to the traditional banking system that offers creditworthy borrowers lower interest rates and investors better returns. Today, we’re the world’s largest online credit marketplace, and we’re radically changing the way lending operates. We’re proud of the recognition we’ve received, including being named a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, a CNBC Disruptor 50, and one of The World’s 10 Most Innovative Companies in Finance by Fast Company. We’re conveniently located in downtown San Francisco, California.  The Role  The Lending Club UI Platform team is looking for passionate, modern day UI/JavaScript developers that understand that building complex web experiences requires truly engineered solutions. The UI engineering mindset and toolbox has radically advanced over the last couple years. We are embracing this change by redefining our whole UI architecture, using modern open source libraries. DevOps is integrated into everything a modern engineer does, and we embrace owning our platform from code commit to production deployment. We are looking for experienced people who also support this movement and want to be part of our mission to transform the banking system. We have a unique opportunity for you to bring your talent and passion to drive a massive change in how we build users experiences across all of our product lines and how consumers experience the Lending Club platform.  Ideal Candidate  ·         5-7 years software engineering experience in a web environment in any language  ·         2+ years hands-on production level coding experience with Node.js in a consumer application  ·         Deep experience with unit test patterns (nice to have used Jasmine, Mocha, or similar)  ·         Production experience with npm, gulp, asset pipelines (browserify, webpack, or similar)  ·         Practical knowledge of idiomatic JavaScript programming patterns  ·         Ability to create web applications that maintain a rich experience using stateless HTTP design patterns  ·         2+ years working in an API-driven environment, consuming RESTful APIs from Node (i.e. microservices)  Bonus points  ·         Experience with React-Redux or other similar modern frameworks  ·         Knowledge and experience with ES6+  ·         Currently working in TDD style, experience and affinity with dev-authored integration and functional tests  ·         Experience with CI/CD and DevOps tools (Jenkins, Docker, etc.)  ·         Understanding of modern customer development strategies (Lean Startup, marketing, etc.)  ·         Cross-browser, cross-platform UI design    #LI-PK1                     Are you a returning applicant?              Previous Applicants:    Email:     Password:      If you do not remember your password click here .     Back to Search Results    New Search             FOLLOW US:           71 Stevenson Street, Suite 300  San Francisco , CA  94105 , USA         Home  About Us  Careers      Privacy  Affiliates  Risks  Developers  Agreements  Prospectus  Terms of Use  SEC Filings  Statistics       © Copyright 2006-2014. All rights reserved. Equal Housing Lender                            Featured Jobs   Administrative/Support Jobs  Customer Service/Call Center Jobs  Executive Jobs  Finance/Accounting Jobs  Human Resources/Legal Jobs  Information Technology Jobs  Real Estate Field Services Jobs  Marketing/Communications Jobs  Real Estate Operations/Management Jobs  Sales/Account Management Jobs     Locations    Not finding a job?   Join Our Talent Community  View All Jobs           Search Our Open Positions    Search by Keyword      Search by Location              Search by Keyword      Search by Location            Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now           Email   Start         Please wait...         Share this Job                          Director, Platform Engineering  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...       Date:  Nov 8, 2017    Location:  Emeryville, CA, US    Company:  Realogy Services Group LLC         Requisition 45413   About ZapLabs LLC ZapLabs ( www.zaplabs.com ) is the innovation and technology hub for global real estate leader Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), and the driving force behind inventive technology for brokers and agents affiliated with Realogy’s world renowned real estate brands. ZapLabs delivers its highly effective consumer, sales associate and broker solutions in support of Realogy’s leading franchise brands and is positioned to expand the scope of its technology development efforts to encompass Realogy’s other business segments, including residential brokerage, relocation and settlement services. ZapLabs is headquartered in Emeryville, California.    Job Title: Director, Platform Engineering  At ZapLabs, we work to build and improve a platform that helps real estate professionals work effectively, and helps delight home buyers and sellers with an excellent experience. We do that by combining great technology with great people – and we’re looking for a Director of Platform Engineering to join our team.    What we’re looking for :  You’re accomplished, experienced, and eager to lead a team of of highly capable developers to deliver highly scalable, state-of-the-art technology solutions for our back-end services platform and application development. You thrive in a fast-paced environment, are cool under pressure, and embrace agile development methodologies. With your strong analytical skills, unwavering commitment to quality, collaborative work ethic, and excellent technical skills, you’ll accomplish great things here at ZapLabs.    What you’ll do :  As the Director of Platform Engineering, you’ll be responsible for leading a team to build out our Java back-end services platform and take on complex, high business value application development work. Working with our Software Architect, you’ll enhance and evolve the architecture and design for our scalable microservices. You’ll write software that will enable other engineers across the organization to quickly build out services that support a wide variety of initiatives, including web application development, data ingestion, and data enrichment using modern big data tools.  Your responsibilities will include, but aren’t limited to:   Lead the growth and development of an incredible team of talented and motivated engineers with high expectations around individual ownership and impact  Foster a healthy and collaborative culture that embodies ZapLabs’ employee value proposition  Set direction for the team, and anticipate strategic & scaling-related challenges via thoughtful long-term planning  Design solutions within the context of the available infrastructure, taking into account scalability, availability, reliability, stability, security, and performance  Work with product managers, designers, and engineering teams to implement a scalable services platform, incorporating several frameworks which enable teams to build microservices  Contribute to long-term technology solutions based on business needs, architecture, and strategic drivers  Continuously stay up to date with industry changes and bring new ideas to the team  Identify, evaluate, and select appropriate technology in alignment with business objectives     Skills, accomplishments, interests you should have :   10+ years of hands-on technical expertise leading teams who provide application solutions  Bachelor’s of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline, or equivalent combination of training and experience  Experience with building and leading medium-sized teams of engineers (4-10 FTE)  Expertise in understanding data structures and algorithm fundamentals  Extensive hands-on experience in object-oriented and functional design methodology using Java/J2EE (or Scala/Go)  Experience building modern service applications on a framework like Dropwizard, Spring Boot, or Finagle  Deep understanding of API development using REST JSON/XML, security standards (OAUTH, OpenID and Saml)  Advanced knowledge developing queue-based services, especially services that use Kafka (preferred) or RebbitMQ  Experience creating build and deployment pipelines within a microservices architecture  Thorough understanding of the challenges of working with distributed and multi-threaded systems along with experience monitoring those systems and troubleshooting problems  Proficiency with JVM internals as they relate to performance tuning and memory management  Expertise with engineering practices such as code refactoring, design patterns, design-driven development, continuous integration, building highly scalable applications, and application security  Expertise in leading teams to be proficient in agile development methodologies, continuous integration, continuous delivery, and related techniques  Ability to iterate quickly in an agile development process  Ability to collaborate with product managers and DevOps  Excellent analytical/troubleshooting skills  Strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit     We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats.    Realogy Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries are committed to providing equal employment opportunity (“EEO”) and will make employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, sexual preference, gender identity or gender expression, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected under applicable laws and regulations. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable laws and regulations.  Under the Americans with Disabilities Act and other applicable laws Realogy will provide reasonable accommodation to disabled applicants upon request during the application process to ensure equal opportunities to be considered for employment.    To learn more about Realogy and the accomplishments of our brands, log on to www.realogy.com .    Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices.  All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  ZIP123     Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Manager, Engineer, Developer, Real Estate, Computer Science, Management, Engineering, Technology, Sales      Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...           Find similar jobs:   ZapLabs Jobs,  Information Technology Jobs       ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users    Email*   Password*   Forgot Password?   Sign in   * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create        ×  Create Profile        Working...   Next »       ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »                Home  Realogy.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy     Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  Realogy endeavors to make our careers site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process due to a disability, please email realogyrecruiter@realogy.com. Please note that Realogy will respond only to requests for accommodations due to a disability.                                              Apply Now  Lead DevOps Engineer  at Juvo  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    There are billions of people in the world that are creditworthy; Juvo provides a way for every one of them, regardless of their income and geographical location, to gain access to financial services  via their mobile phones. Juvo uses data science, machine learning, and game mechanics to create financial identities for anonymous and understanding prepaid mobile subscribers across the globe, providing ongoing personalized access to to otherwise unattainable financial services.  In our first 3 years, we have deployed in 25 countries across four continents and have a reach of 500 million mobile subscribers. Juvo is a team of passionate people with a deep understanding of the digital consumer, data science, global telecom business, and emerging financial services. Together, we believe that we can make the world a better place.  About the Job  We are looking for talented DevOps engineers to develop and improve our infrastructure. We are currently hosted in AWS with an eye on expanding to other cloud providers or bare metal. Tools in our belt include Packer, Terraform, Rundeck, Ansible, Consul, Vault, Prometheus, and Grafana. We always look at our job with a critical eye towards automating tasks, knowing that automating the manual tasks now will free us up for the next level of scale tomorrow.  Qualifications   You have experience with one or more of the following:  Configuring and administering Containers / Docker / Kubernetes.  Installing, configuring, and administering some of the following: Hadoop / Hive / HDFS, RabbitMQ, Kafka, Memcached, Redis, PostgreSQL  Configuring and administering VPN connections with external partners using software like strongSwan.  You have proficiency with shell scripting and one or more scripting languages (Python preferred).  You have experience with on-call (SRE style) rotation, both as a member and as someone who has improved the processes themselves.    You enjoy working in a fast-paced, informal, and rapidly changing environment where the bar for performance is set high  You communicate well and enjoy working with people who are passionate about clean code          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Scribd  (View all jobs)  San Francisco headquarters    Scribd  /skribbed/ (n).   a tech company changing the way the world reads  a membership that gives users access to the world’s largest online library of books, audiobooks, and sheet music   We value trying new things, craftsmanship, being an open book, and the people that make our team great.  Join us and build something meaningful.  About the Team  We’re responsible for keeping Scribd up, responsive, and secure. Our duties include configuration management with Chef, wrestling with tricky Rails bugs, big-data cluster wrangling with Hadoop, mitigating the logo-branded vulnerability du jour, wearing a DBA hat to the InnoDB rodeo, bomb-proofing the mad science lab that is our codebase and, very occasionally, sweeping up the pieces when everything blows up. (We don’t let that last happen often.)  We work on almost every part of our application stack, from the servers and storage through the databases and caches to the application itself. We write code ourselves, including deep in the guts of our product, and developers also come to us for technical guidance. You’ll not simply operate the systems, but be part of the system-building process from the start. We’ve all seen the “worked in dev, ops problem now” meme and reject that world-view.  We believe in continuously improving our skills and codebase, work/life balance, and doing things right over doing them fast. We’re looking for engineers who share these views and are interested in contributing their knowledge, skills, and sound technical judgement to a growing engineering organization. In return, we offer interesting problems, plenty of opportunity to influence key technical decisions, and the chance to top the office pinball high score table.  Our tools and technologies   Linux (primarily CentOS)  Ruby (our core codebase is Rails), but with projects in Go and Scala too  Chef  MySQL (Percona), HBase and Elasticsearch  Hadoop, Hive and Spark, all fed via Kafka  Nagios, Graphite and Grafana  Nginx, HAProxy and Varnish, to serve our content to the wider world   Haven’t worked with precisely the same set of technologies we use, but you’ve used something broadly similar? No problem! We’re just as happy to talk FreeBSD or commiserate with your AIX and pains as we are to chat about CentOS.  About the Role  You will   Develop, operate, and troubleshoot the systems that keep Scribd alive and fast  Build, maintain and extend our automation. Quelling robot uprisings strictly optional  Pioneer, evaluate, and deploy new technologies for the entire engineering organization  Work in partnership with your peers on the product engineering teams  Be part of an on-call rotation with other members of the DevOps team  Work independently within a team environment to prioritize workload   About you   Local candidates are great, but the DevOps team is open to remote candidates and those looking relocate  3-5+ years professional experience in an Engineering, Technical Operations, or DevOps role  Professional experience with at least part of our tech stack, but not necessarily every piece   Why we work here   We are located in downtown San Francisco, just a few minutes’ walk from BART  100% employer covered Medical/Dental/Vision for regular, full time employees  We have a small budget for our employees to attend conferences, classes, and other events  We have a lot of trust with very little bureaucracy  Three meals a day, catered from local restaurants  Coffee and tea runs every afternoon  Apple laptops and Thunderbolt displays  Company events that include monthly happy hours and offsites (past events include Safari West, Stinson Beach, ski trips, etc.)  In  the  meantime,  check  out  our  office  and  meet  some  of  the  team  on  The  Muse ! https://www.themuse.com/companies/scribd   Scribd values diversity, and we make all hiring and employment decisions based on merit, qualifications, competence, talent, and contribution, not who you are by choice or circumstance. We value the people who make Scribd a great place to work and strive to create an environment where your work is supported and personhood respected.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Why are you interested in this role at Scribd?       Have you worked on a 24/7 on-call schedule before?       Please tell us about your experience working on a product with rapid/continuous release         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Scribd are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               JOB TITLE- Automation Devops Engineer ( Automation, jenkins , python ) LOCATION - San Francisco (Only For Local Candidates) POSITION - Contract Five plus years of Dev Ops for large applications, ideally supporting an agile development process 5+ years of experience with Continuous Integration using tools like GIT, Maven/Gradle/webpack, Jenkins/Hudson, Sonar, Cobertura/clover/jshint and Artifactory 5+ years of experience with DevOps and configuration with tools like npm/gulp/grunt/require.js for the Javascript stack 5+ years of experience with various scripting and programming languages such as Python, Shell Scripting(must), Jython, Ruby, JSON, Java, or Jacl Experience with Deployment Automation and Configuration Management tools like Chef / Puppet / Ansible / Salt Experience with cloud computing and container solutions such as Docker(must) Experience managing and integrating test automation (Selenium, Fitnesse, Jasmine/karma etc.) into various points in a development pipeline Experience with Montoring and log analytics tools ( similar to elasticsearch, LogStash, Kibana, Grafana, Graphite, InfluxDB, Nagios, Cacti, Splunk, Zabbix) Must be able to work with the development team to automate, maintain and enhance the application instance management and CI/CD processes. Ability to identify innovative and automated solutions to problems. Should have good Experience in Automation . Job Type: Contract Job Location: San Francisco, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Automation Devops Engineer: 6 yearsDevOps Engineer: System Administrator San Francisco, California Technical Operations Full-Time Apply for this job About the Role As a DevOps on our Technical Operations Team, you will ensure the daily success of a software system built from countless components and running on top of multiple servers. You will leverage your technical skills to strengthen our ability to deploy and maintain highly performing and scalable systems.  You will have the opportunity to participate in, and eventually own, the configuration management which covers installation and configuration of operating systems, databases, networked file systems, and system monitoring tools. Given the complexity of our systems and our team's expansion, there is no limit to your technical and managerial growth. Responsibilities: Contribute to the evolving design and architecture of reliable and scalable infrastructure Provide system administrator support to colleagues in Development and Quality Assurance Identify system weaknesses and propose/implement improvements Design and implement automation Architect and Automate Amazon AWS and various other cloud providers Architect fast, scalable, secure, and highly available computer networks Provide technical guidance to other staff members within the organization Available on call as part of rotating 24/7 Support TeamResolve unexpected issues in real time Minimum Qualifications: 5+ years of experience Deep understanding of Linux Chef, you must have a deep understanding of Chef, Chef best practices, and feel comfortable leading and/or improving the direction of our Chef infrastructure Experience managing multi-tier web services using technologies such as Apache web server or Tomcat, Java applications, and MySQL Knowledge of MySQL preferably Percona Love of automation and try to use it as much as possible Strong knowledge of scripting languages including Ruby, Bash, and others Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with the ability to multi-task, prioritize and work under deadlines Flexible, continuous learner, excellent communicator, works well in team environment, appreciates challenge, comfortable, and effective working in new areas that require experimentation and rapid problem solving Preferred Qualifications: Docker, Kubernetes Terraform RabbitMQ Celery, Django Nginx Redis Socketio AppDirect is the leading platform for selling, distributing, and managing cloud-based products and services. Its flexible, modular technology enables organizations of all sizes to get to market quickly and cost effectively with an offering that meets their individual business needs. AppDirect-powered marketplaces, billing, distribution, reselling, and premium technical support services help providers—including Comcast, ADP, Zendesk, Deutsche Telekom and others—connect more than 30 million businesses to solutions from Microsoft, Google, GoDaddy, and more. AppDirect is headquartered in San Francisco with 13 global offices. We believe that the unique contributions of all AppDirectors is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. Apply for this job AppDirect Home Page Jobs powered byMachine Learning Engineer San Francisco Hive – Product & Engineering Full-time Apply for this job About Hive Hive is utilizing deep learning to transform the way companies work across a number of different verticals. We offer the complete deep learning toolkit, ranging from our data labeling platform that helps university researchers with their research to fully integrated solutions for our enterprise clients. We are working with some of the world's largest technology and content businesses to apply visual intelligence to difficult problems, changing the way that they analyze unstructured visual data. We are funded by leading investors like Peter Thiel (Founders Fund), General Catalyst, and Formation8. We have ~100 people globally, based in our San Francisco and Delhi offices. In order to execute our vision, we need to grow our team of best-in-class machine learning engineers. We are looking for developers who are excited about staying at the forefront of deep learning technology, prototyping state-of-the-art neural net models and launching these models into production. We value hard workers who have no qualms working with terabyte-scale datasets, who are interested in learning new technologies at all levels of the machine learning stack, and who move fast and take ownership of their projects. Our ideal candidate has experience creating a working machine learning-powered project from the ground up, contributes innovative ideas and ingenious implementations to the team, and is capable of planning out scalable, maintainable data pipelines. Responsibilities Everything involved in applying a ML model to a production use case, including, designing and coding up the neural network, gathering and refining data, training and tuning the model, deploying it at scale with high throughput and uptime, and analyzing the results in the wild in order to continuously update and improve accuracy and speed Interface closely with the Backend and DevOps teams as well as with our internal data labeling services About You You have an undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science or similar technical field, with significant coursework in mathematics or statistics You have 1-2 years industry machine learning experience You have successfully trained and deployed a deep learning machine model (image, NLP, video, or audio) into production, with measurably improved performance over baseline, either in industry or as a personal project You have strong experience with a high-level machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Caffe, or Torch, and familiarity with the others You know the ins and outs of Python, especially as it applies to the above ML frameworks You are capable of quickly coding and prototyping data pipelines involving any combination of Python, Node, bash, and linux command-line tools, especially when applied to large datasets consisting of millions of files You have a working knowledge of the following technologies, or are not afraid of picking it up on the fly: C++, Scala/Spark, R, Matlab, SQL, Cassandra, Docker You are up-to-date on the latest deep neural net research and architectures, both in understanding the theory and motivations behind the techniques, as well as how to implement them in the ML framework of your choice You are comfortable with running and interpreting common statistical tests, and also with common data science techniques including dimensionality reduction and supervised and unsupervised learning You have great communication skills and ability to work with others You are a strong team player, with a do-whatever-it-takes attitude What We Offer You Hive is part of a network of companies with extensive resources and exceptional people.  We are a group of individuals who are young and hungry to make a mark on the world and build a long-term investment holding company.  You will be based in San Francisco and we offer all the standard benefits available to top startup companies.  At Hive, you will have a significant career development opportunity and an opportunity to learn directly from our founder / CEO. Thank you for your interest in joining Hive. Apply for this job Jobs powered by        Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply            Apply Now  Sr. Software Test Engineer  at Sysdig  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Sysdig is looking for dynamic, creative, ambitious, and hardworking software QA engineers to help lead the testing of our products. In our two years of existence, Sysdig has become the leading monitoring and visibility company in the red-hot container space, and one of the first companies to successfully monetize the container market. Sysdig has brought to market both the open source troubleshooting tool, sysdig (100K’s of users), and our popular commercial SaaS offering, Sysdig Cloud, the first and only container-native monitoring solution. Sysdig is a high growth startup, and there will be significant growth opportunities for this position. Compensation, title, and responsibilities will be adjusted according to candidate experience.  Why Sysdig?   We constantly push the limit to improve the user experience  We deal with the hottest technologies  Unique culture of user satisfaction and getting shit done  Remote-working culture -- no matter where you are, we can make it work   Your Role and Responsibilities   Simulate complex data sets  Automate browser interaction for a rich visualization UI  Put the APIs through their paces  Work within a cutting-edge framework to put together an ironclad regression suite  Live and breathe Continuous Integration  Write great code to break great code  And more...   Qualifications   Bachelors or Masters degree (CS preferred)  Comfortable with at least one programming language  Experience with web development and scripting  Startup / entrepreneurial experience is a plus   Preferred:   Javascript  Python  Sysadmin/devops experience  Demonstrated interest in quality issues   Work in a fast-paced startup, on an Agile team, where Test is closely coupled with Dev, and every member of the Test team is there for the love of the game.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       SoFi Careers        Data Scientist  Engineering San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    Description   Catered lunches, a fully stocked kitchen, and subsidized gym membership. Competitive salary packages and bonuses. A flexible vacation policy allows you to truly relax and reboot. Comprehensive health, vision, dental, and life insurance as well as disability benefits. 100% of health, vision, and dental premiums paid by SoFI for employees and their dependents. 401(k) and education on retirement planning. Tuition reimbursement on approved programs, up to $5,250 a year. Monthly contribution to help you pay off your student loans. SoFi makes it easy to manage student loans, personal loans, mortgages, and saving for the future. Our members also enjoy career services, financial planning, and networking events. With se veral new products on the way, SoFi will offer a complete portfolio of banking services while connecting to members in a much more intuitive and personalized way. To make that happen, we’re looking for talented engineers with backgrounds in Python, Java, and Scala to expand our machine learning workflows and integrate with other SoFi products. Our team uses Tensorflow and Spark to merge and operate on terabytes of consumer data in Amazon Web Services. You will join an experienced data science and engineering team to design our system for ingesting, processing, analyzing, and serving up enhanced datasets and customer insights broadly in the organization. By joining SoFi, you're joining a new kind of finance company based around speed, transparency, and alignment with our members’ interests. Our goal is to be the center of our members’ financial lives. We created student loan refinancing, addressing the biggest financial challenge this new generation has through a new approach to lending. We expanded into other types of loans, and then into insurance and wealth management with similarly inventive products. As the company has grown, we’ve been able to help more people with these tools. The  data  scientist  must  be  able  to Code in Python Understand machine learning concepts and provide feedback to teammates on how to  best package findings for down the line Pre-process big data for machine learning Work with DevOps team, analysts, and DBAs to integrate data science services into  production and reporting suites Train analysts in different business units on how to use datasets you create A  successful  candidate  will  show Experience in Python and data science packages such as pandas and scikit-learn. Experience demonstrating detailed knowledge (including understanding of strengths and  weaknesses of various approaches), application, analysis, and development in at least  one of machine learning, probabilistic reasoning,and/or optimization Previous work that used machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow (prefered) or  Theano for classification, prediction, or content-creation services based on regression,  clustering, neural Teamwork, responsiveness to stakeholders, and ability explain mathematical concepts Understanding of financial terms and concepts Desired  Languages 2-3 years using Python 2 or 3, emphasizing packages and standalone applications 1-2 years using hadoop-based technologies such as Hive, Spark, and others  Education: Degree in mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, or information science from an accredited program; advanced degrees highly encouraged Nice  to  Have Familiarity with Docker and containerized applications Previous work experience on a team handling data science questions Benefits Catered lunches, a fully stocked kitchen, and subsidized gym membership. Competitive salary packages and bonuses. A flexible vacation policy allows you to truly relax and reboot. Comprehensive health, vision, dental, and life insurance as well as disability benefits. 100% of health, vision, and dental premiums paid by SoFI for employees and their dependents. 401(k) and education on retirement planning. Tuition reimbursement on approved programs, up to $5,250 a year. Monthly contribution to help you pay off your student loans.      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite                  Skip Navigation     Careers  Open Menu    GoDaddy Life  Our Teams  Benefits  University Students    Blog  GoDaddy Home     Facebook  Twitter  Glassdoor  YouTube  Instagram  LinkedIn      0   Saved Jobs   There are no jobs saved           Search Jobs    Keyword     Category  Category  Business Development  Corporate Operations  Customer Consultation & Care  Data, Network and Security System  Finance & Accounting  Marketing and Product  People Operations  PR/Social/Communications  Project/Program Management  Software Engineering  User Experience  Workforce Management     Country  Country  Canada  China  France  Germany  Philippines  Serbia  United Kingdom  United States     State/Region  State/Region  Alsace  Arizona  Bavaria  California  Central Serbia  Iowa  Massachusetts  Newfoundland and Labrador  North Rhine-Westphalia  Oregon  Shanghai Shi  Washington     City  City  Belgrade  Cambridge  Carlsbad  Cedar Rapids  Cologne  Encinitas  Gilbert  Hiawatha  Hürth  Ismaning  Kirkland  Los Angeles  Mesa  Phoenix  Remote  San Francisco  Scottsdale  Shanghai  Strasbourg  Sunnyvale  Tempe     Go     Or  Search Jobs Based on your Linkedin Profile        Share:   Email  Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn          Senior Software Engineering Manager - Web and Mobile Experiences  Cambridge, Massachusetts; Kirkland, Washington; San Francisco, California; Scottsdale, Arizona; Sunnyvale, California; Tempe, Arizona    Apply      Overview  Success Profile  Job Description  Benefits  Trending  Map     Overview  GoDaddy engineers are shifting the global economy to support small businesses worldwide to create beautiful online experiences for their customers that help them grow and manage their business. We work fearlessly to build innovative solutions, platforms and business applications tailored to the unique needs of the small business owner. Using a collaborative, agile, small team approach we make cutting edge technologies simple and effective. Our team of technologists do the heavy lifting, so our customers can focus on making their dreams come true.     Full-time     Level: Mid     Travel: Yes          Success Profile  What makes a successful Senior Software Engineering Manager - Web and Mobile Experiences employee at GoDaddy? Check out the traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix.    Problem-solver  Focused  Organized  Self-starter  Stratetgic  Visual    0  10    Adaptable  Detail-Oriented  Communicator  Multi-Tasker  Creative  Perceptive  Tech Savvy  Quick-Thinking      Job Description  GoDaddy is looking for a Senior Software Engineering Manager to join our next generation experience team. The team is building our next generation experiences for our small business customers to help them start, grow and run their venture. If you have the passion, enthusiasm and ability for growing high functioning and collaborative teams to create compelling web and mobile interactions for customers on their way to making their small businesses great, we would like to talk to you! GoDaddy’s (NYSE: GDDY) mission is to radically shift the global economy toward life-fulfilling independent ventures. With over 17 million customers worldwide and more than 70 million domain names under management, GoDaddy gives small business owners the tools to name their idea, build an appealing online presence, attract customers and operate their business. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineering Manager to be a part of our team working on the next generation of user experiences for our customers. We are a dynamic and growing company that loves what we do and are looking for passionate people to share our vision. We are a diverse team that focuses on mobile first design and interactions that will help solve the problems and needs for people trying to be great at what they do in their small business. The development stack spans both Web (React) & Native (React Native) development along with other current front-end and back-end technologies including ES2015+, SASS, Webpack, Node.js, and Cassandra. We manage a growing base of contributors from other teams at GoDaddy on our JavaScript platform resources. As true participants in Open Source we also contribute code and our learnings (good and bad) back to the Open Source community (Check our GitHub page: http://github.com/godaddy ). You will have the opportunity to help make more of our work Open Source and work with the community to help foster its success. The ideal candidate will be passionate about doing the right thing for the customer and want to learn and grow with new technologies and opportunities. If you want to work with smart people doing work that will be used by millions of people every day, we would like to talk to you! Responsibilities: Lead your team of high-performing Engineers by providing both career guidance and technical vision for the product. Drive design and development of globally distributed services to provide next generation customer experiences. Design resilient and redundant services to maintain high availability. Perform code reviews and participate in suggesting and supporting coding best practices. Participate in devops, release and on-call activities in support of the platform. Engage with engineers & stakeholders across GoDaddy to solve problems with broad impact (from group-wide to company-wide impact). Participate in ensuring a high quality and performant system that engages and delights customers. Requirements: Experience managing a high-functioning team of engineers that delivers scalable cloud experiences on web and/or native mobile platforms. Highly motivated, highly collaborative individuals Passion to develop elegant yet pragmatic solutions to solve real-world business scenarios. Strong desire to learn and to grow and to coach engineers to do the same. Experience in an Agile software development environment. You have a strong understanding of git and git-based workflows. Experience managing Open Source projects a plus. You have experience working with highly agile development teams. You work closely with a team of experts across disciplines to design and implement very high quality code. You have worked with a wide set of front end technologies such as Less, Sass, React, Vue.js, Ember, Next.js, Angular, Backbone and/or jQuery. Experience with React Native a plus. 7+ years of industry experience designing, building, and shipping software. 3+ years of experience as a lead or people manager. About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 71 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com . GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements. If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com  Apply    Benefits     Healthcare  GoDaddy helps keep employees fit and healthy with generous health benefits. From the best medical, vision, dental, and disability to on-site health and wellness assessments and employee assistance plans.     Tuition Reimbursement  GoDaddy is a strong believer in the value of higher education. The Education Reimbursement Program encourages our employees to pursue further education and advancement at the company.     Professional Development  GoDaddy offers programs to help advance the careers of our employees. Programs include instruction led by our trainers, as well as opportunities for Tuition Reimbursement.     PTO  GoDaddy encourages employees to take time away from work to Live Passionately. GoDaddy goes above and beyond to provide opportunities to enjoy time away from work and we provide generous time away to rest & recharge.     Work/Life Balance  We know that maintaining a work/life balance is the key to success. At GoDaddy, we provide many perks and amenities to help facilitate this balance.     Retirement Plans  GoDaddy looks closely at the retirement provisions and provides a competitive 401k employer match program. Our retirement plans are designed to fund a comfortable retirement for our employees.        The amazing thing about GoDaddy wasn't that we were able to define a company standard and have that standard meet or exceed our goals in defining it. The amazing thing was how open the teams were to joining forces to investigate, decide, evangelize and engage on a change like this.   Chris Evans,  VP of Engineering     I haven't met a developer yet who doesn't want to change the world for the better with their work.   Blake Irving,  Chief Executive Officer     The product team combines data and customer insight to deliver impactful experiences around the world.  Working here is an opportunity to make a difference globally by helping individuals make a living and bring their ideas from inception to reality.   Steven Aldrich,  Chief Product Officer       >  <      The Innovative Soul of an Engineer, by Sam Ng - Senior Director of Engineering at GoDaddy  Read More      Hiring for Culture, by Chris Evans - Vice President Of Engineering at GoDaddy  Read More      Mastering the Feedback Loop, by Steven Aldrich - Chief Product Officer at GoDaddy  Read More                  Work at GoDaddy:  View available locations for this position     Explore Our City:  Work at GoDaddy:              Never underestimate the power of a toy  Employee Spotlight - Joshua    Learn More        Learn more about the Tempe, AZ office  Tempe Office Spotlight    Learn More        Truths and trolls: 
Comfort zones are slow dream killers  Employee Spotlight - Kim    Learn More           Our diverse employee population reflects the customers we serve. We support and celebrate everyone on our team through our Employee Resource Groups , open and inclusive to all.  Learn More          Legal  Privacy Policy  Advertising Preferences  Cookies   Copyright © 1999 - 2017 GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                       Apply Now  Software Engineer, Dev Tools and Infrastructure  at Pure Storage  Mountain View, CA    About Us  Pure Storage was  founded with the ambitious goal of revolutionizing the computing infrastructure industry. Today we are building the data platform for the cloud era and we’ve accomplished the first step towards that goal by bringing to market the simplest and most reliable all-flash storage array in history. The full potential impact of our line of "Smart Storage" products is only beginning to be felt as customers discover the benefits and exciting applications that can be built on top of a Pure system.  For three straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Solid-State Arrays. According to IDC, Pure has become a Top 10 data storage vendors faster than any other company in history. We continue to take market share while achieving record-setting customer satisfaction scores for the enterprise technology industry.  For more information, check out our corporate fact sheet here .  Topping the Bay Area’s Best Places to Work lists for 5 years running, we’ve built a team that has a rich and diverse set of experiences and backgrounds.  Puritans have a passion for innovation, creativity, customer success, transparency, teamwork, and fun. We’re looking for talented people to join us on the journey.  Our Team  Puritans come from various backgrounds and we thrive off of challenging the norm. This cross-pollination of backgrounds led to numerous groundbreaking ideas and has helped us build one of the most reliable and easy to use storage systems in the industry. We strive to hire the best and brightest people, who excel in a cutting-edge, fast-paced, collaborative and transparent environment.  We are seeking enthusiastic individuals to solve real-world problems while having fun along the way.  We are looking for someone to join our world-class team that comes with a hunger to use leading-edge technology to improve engineering efficiency for products that have the industry-leading Net Promoter Score with products that boast 99.999+% availability and non-disruptive upgrades .  What you will be doing:   Design and build tools and automation to make testing and integration faster, simpler, and more effective.  Improve and extend testing and infrastructure APIs  Optimize the throughput and reliability of our Continuous Integration systems and processes  Working with leading-edge technologies Pure Storage (we build on top of our own leading-edge technology)  Flash Array  Flashblade  Microservices  Docker  Nomad   What you bring to the table:   You're fluent in a scripting language like Python, Ruby or Perl  Linux is a comfortable environment for you; maybe you've even got some DevOps/Sysadmin experience  You care about testing and you've practiced Continuous Integration or Continuous Deployment  Containers and software-defined infrastructure  Configuration management systems like Puppet or Chef  Java or C++ development experience, especially related to build flows  Monitoring and alerting systems like Nagios or Ganglia   No Storage? No Problem.  We look for talent and culture first, specific technologies second, so once you decide Pure is the right place for you, we will match you with the right project to start with.  Plus, we like people to have the ability to do different things and be constantly learning, so we encourage our engineers to move around to different teams and projects across the company.  Pure creates opportunities for individual development and career growth.  We offer a six-month leadership development program for current employees looking to advance within the company, as well as sales and technical training programs for interns and recent graduates. We also host monthly workshops and panels that focus on a variety of topics ranging from honing the skills needed for career advancement to learning how to choose a mentor.  Popular Perks  Pure offers an unlimited vacation policy, free lunches, meditation rooms, free yoga classes and employee resource groups, such as Pure Equality and Pure Vets, to encourage all of our employees to maintain mind and body wellness. We offer numerous volunteer opportunities for employees to give back not only to the Bay Area but across the globe.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Skip to Main Content        Support  Contact Us           Mobile navigation menu      About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations  Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  View All Jobs        About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations   Jobs by Talent Areas   Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship    View All Jobs             Where      What                Pearson Jobs        Where   city, state, country    What   job title, keywords             Home  View All Jobs  ( 791 )              Pearson    Cloud Security Product Lead in  San Francisco , California          Cloud Security Product Lead  Description  At Pearson, we have a once in a generation opportunity to transform teaching & learning to prepare people for a changing economy.  The educational ecosystem is changing at a ferocious pace. Our company is changing rapidly. We no longer have the luxury of waiting to see how the market will change; we need to operate differently.  Learners today are preparing to enter a world of work in which the skills required for employment are rapidly changing.  Lifelong learning & ongoing re-skilling will become a reality for most.  In addition - Technology has changed our expectations of how we live, work, communicate.  Learners expect education to be engaging and inspiring. They expect digital learning to be as responsive, secure,  fast and effective as the other apps in their pocket - Facebook, iTunes.  They expect to have access to learning anytime, anyplace, any device and get help when they need it - Consumer Grade without being a target of cyber attacks.  One of biggest investments is in a new digital platform - the Global Learning Platform - which will fundamentally change the way we design, develop and deliver learning experiences, enabling new business models.  Pearson’s Global Learning Platform will provide engaging, responsive, and personalized learning experiences to students everywhere. The cloud security team at Pearson will drive all aspects of design, build, operate and assess across cloud based digital platforms and products.  Responsibilities  As a direct report to the Director, Product Information Security Officer (PISO), you will have the following responsibilities:   Work closely with product and platform teams to engineer and implement cloud security controls with a focus on DevSecOps  Be the change agent for cloud based global product teams to embrace DevSecOps through automation and security integration to CI/CD processes  Ensure all Pearson’s cloud digital platforms and products meet key security and compliance requirements  Strong leadership skill driven both from business and security perspectives to ensure delivery of product security solutions which are aligned to Pearson’s business needs;  Develop secure cloud platform & product requirements  Serve as a subject matter expert  in application development, database and microservice design, container and/or virtual machine technologies, helping project teams comply with enterprise and CISO security policies, industry regulations, and best practices  Coordinate incident response, investigation, and resolution of security incidents across global products   Qualifications  Required Experience   8 years  in Information Security space; with a focus on digital platform and product security  Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in secure SDLC (i.e., Agile, DevOps), threat modelling, risk management, vulnerability management, incident response and security monitoring.  In-depth knowledge of application security tool sets used for static and dynamic testing such as Checkmarx, AppSpider  Extensive experience in the designing and implementing product and application security controls for both cloud and on-prem  BA/BS degree, or equivalent experience, security qualifications and accreditation appropriate to the region.  In-depth understanding of application security frameworks such as OWASP  Strong experience in cloud provider ecosystems, including Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, and OpenStack.  Experience with a broad range of security technologies, including nextgen firewalls, DLP, NAC, IDS/IPS, IdAM, certificate management, SIEM, endpoint protection, anti-malware, vulnerability management and cloud security;  Strong oral, written, and presentation abilities - able to convey risk to all levels of the business, from C-level executives to operations and development teams;  Some proven ability in securing the CI/CD pipeline  Solid working experience of continuous integration practices & tools (Jenkins, Travis CI, etc…)  An established history of working in agile teams   Competences and Behaviors   Highly self-motivated with the ability to identify areas of focus and tackle new challenges with or without direction.  Must be able to communicate effectively and build solid relationships with individuals at all levels, in multiple geographies and business functions.  Strong oral, written, and presentation abilities - able to convey risk to all levels of the business, from C-level executives to operations and development teams;  Strong business acumen with the ability to build business cases for technology initiatives and to effectively communicate the value proposition to non-technical stakeholders  Excellent oral and written communication skills and exceptional interpersonal skills.  Demonstrated ability to work under pressure.  Ability to work within a dynamic and fast paced international environment  Ability to build rapport with other team members and relevant teams  Very good communications, presentation and negotiations skills  Technically innovative  Able to express technical and non-technical concepts in clear verbal and written English  Very good written skills to document complex concepts in a comprehensive, yet readable manner  Encourages people to be open and share their views  Considers a range of options that meet the needs of all stakeholders  Ability to use own initiative to solve technical problems  Delivery Focused  Takes responsibility for projects and strategic initiatives  Demonstrate clear and measurable results through the development of KPIs, goals and milestones  Ambitious and competitive  Drive innovation and best practice  Strive for standardization and simplification in all aspects of work  Able to balance the needs of the business against the desire for the best solution possible   #LI-LL  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  Primary Location: US-TX-San Antonio  Other Locations US-CA-San Francisco, US-CO-Centennial, US-NC-Morrisville, US-TX-Austin  Work Locations: US-TX-San Antonio-19500 Bulverde 19500 Bulverde Road San Antonio 78259  Job: Technology  Organization: Technology & Operations  Employee Status: Regular Employee  Job Type: Standard  Shift: Day Job  Job Posting: Nov 7, 2017  Req ID: 1716223           Apply Now       Apply Now    Share                 Current Search Criteria     Cloud Security Product Lead    San Francisco    California   Clear All            Technology  Sales  Research and Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  All Jobs              If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 1-877-311-0948.  Please follow the links below to the "EEO is The Law", which describes the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability or genetic information. www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm and the "EEO is the Law Supplement" which has additional information for Federal Contractors: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf  The Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision found here ( https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_formattedESQA508c.pdf ) provides applicants and employees notice that Pearson will not discriminate against them for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co-workers.  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, disability status, veteran status, national origin or any other characteristic protected by law.          Contact Us  News  Support        Facebook         Twitter         Google+         LinkedIn                 About Pearson   Who We Are  What We Do  Board of Directors   Our Position On       Products & Services      Efficacy & Research   Higher Education Research  Schools Education Research  Professional Education Research  Our Methods  Our People  Efficacy Reports       Sustainability   About Sustainability  Sustainability In Action   Sustainability Governance   Reporting & Policy Downloads       Investors   Investor Information  Managing Your Shares       Careers   Job Opportunities  Who You Are   Why Join Us              Privacy Policy  Cookies  Legal Statement  Accessibility                     Tenor Site-Reliability Engineer Engineering San Francisco, CA, United States We are seeking a Site-Reliability engineer with 3+ years of experience (excellent candidates with experience scaling to billions of users will be considered). Ideal candidate has experience scaling at a small-to-medium sized startup, and must be able to implement tools independently from end-to-end, has a strong sense of initiative, and is passionate about creating and automating clean, readable, and reusable code. The dream candidate would be a team player yet independent, a creative problem solver, and has a willingness to solve any problems when they arise (willing to be “on-call”). Responsibilities: -Maintain, scale, and improve our infrastructure, and handle all the administrative details in between -Set up new AWS services across multiple global regions -Set up replication and manage databases -Must have an understanding of modern deployment tools and industry standards for DevOps and Site-Reliability, and the ability to make infrastructure and tool decisions -Implement live tools for monitoring, and identify and troubleshoot live issues -Optimize server cost infrastructure -Automate where possible Here are the kinds of skills we are looking for: -AWS (scaling from hundreds of millions to billions of users) -Infrastructure and Scaling/Scalability Experience -Server-Side and Back-End Programming Experience -Consumer facing product Experience Bonus Points if you have experience working with/on: -Shell Scripting -Linux or other Unix-like Operating Systems -Python experience, or -C, Ruby, Java, or other Server Programming Language -Tool Development and Automation -Database Engineering -Video Codecs -Computer Science Degree What We're Building Tenor (formerly Riffsy) helps people find the right GIF at the right moment. In a world that now largely operates via texts, social media messages, DMs and Slack channels, it can be hard to articulate exactly what you mean with keystrokes alone. Tenor’s GIF Keyboard makes it easy for people to visually express what’s on their mind. Beyond Tenor's GIF Keyboard, we extend our mobile-focused experience through our API, powering GIF sharing for partners like Facebook Messenger, Google’s G Board, LinkedIn, Kik, Kika, LinkedIn & Vodafone. Together across Tenor's offerings, hundreds of millions of users perform billions of searches every month for GIFs and videos from the world’s greatest content creators. The company is based in San Francisco, and is backed by Redpoint and Menlo Ventures. Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms                      Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Big Data Analytics Engineer    DRISHTICON ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 2 weeks ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Big Data Analytics Engineer    Edit     Skill: Deep knowledge of Linux,networking and security,Familiarity with AWS and its tools,Familiarity with big-data infrastructures such as Hbase,Hadoop    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Deep knowledge of Linux, networking and security, Familiarity with AWS and its tools, Familiarity with big-data infrastructures such as Hbase, Hadoop, Spark, or, Casandra.          Full Time, Contract Independent, Contract W2, C2H Independent, C2H W2, Part Time, Long Term            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   We are looking for a great Software and DevOps engineers to help build the analytics platform for customer data that will power our client-facing reporting, product performance reporting, and financial reporting. You will also help us operationalize our Hadoop clusters, Kafka and Storm services, high volume event collectors, and build out improvements to our custom analytics job portal in support of Map/Reduce and Spark jobs. The Analytics Platform is used to aggregate data sets to build out known new product offerings related to analytics and media as well as a number of pilot initiatives based on this data. You will need to understand the business cases of the various products and build a common platform and set of services that help all of our products move fast and iterate quickly. You will help us pick and choose the right technologies for this platform.  Within the first year you will: * Own design, implementation, and support of major components of platform development. This includes working with the various stakeholders for the platform team to understand their requirements and delivery high leverage capabilities. * Have a complete grasp of the technology stack, and help guide where we go next. Skills and Experience Necessary for the Role * 1-3 years of experience with highly scalable systems using open source tools. * In-depth knowledge of the software development lifecycle (design, build, test, deploy, support). * Deep knowledge of Linux, networking and security. * High familiarity with AWS and the tools and services it offers. * An ability to demonstrate software engineering fundamentals such as OO design, unit testing, code reuse, code reviews. * Nice to have experience building large-scale data processing platforms. This includes developing prototypes and proof-of-concepts for the selected solutions. * Extensive knowledge in different programming/scripting languages such as Java, C++, PHP, Ruby, Python, bash, etc. * Familiarity with one or more big-data infrastructures such as Hbase, Hadoop, Spark, or, Casandra. * Willingness to rotate on-call for the platform supporting the next generation of Client*s business - we*re depending on you. * Knowledge of modern build tools such as Maven, Jenkins, Github, etc * Familiarity with Agile development methodologies       Apply Now   Save this job               DRISHTICON,     Dice Id : 10216105    Position Id : 154729      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Hadoop Engineer   Modis  Pleasanton, CA     Data Engineer / Big Data Developer - (Java/Scala + Spark)   Xoriant Corporation  San Francisco, CA     Big Data Engineer - Java   Mainz Brady Group  Emeryville, CA     View more jobs like this    Data Streaming Engineer   Etouch Systems Corp  San Francisco, CA     Scala Developer_GL   GlobalLogic, Inc.  Palo Alto, CA     Data Engineer   Maayee, Inc  Menlo Park, CA     Spark/Hadoop data Engineers   Magnum Hunt, LLC  San Francisco, CA     Big Data Consultant / Architect   Aptiva Corp  Bay Area, CA     Big Data Architect   Talent Space, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Senior Big Data Developer   GreyCells Technologies  Palo Alto, CA     Hadoop Developer / Locals   Softsol Resources Inc  Pleasanton, CA     Sr. Hadoop Engineer   Buxton Consulting  Pleasanton, CA     Senior Data Engineer   Elevano  San Francisco, CA     Bigdata OR Hadoop Engineer   8K Miles Software Services, Inc.  San Ramon, CA     Hadoop Developer with Big Data   Kforce Inc.  San Leandro, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Big Data Analytics Engineer  DRISHTICON | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Big Data Analytics Engineer  DRISHTICON | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Big Data Analytics Engineer with DRISHTICON through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Big Data Analytics Engineer  DRISHTICON         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                       Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Have you ever heard of Rally before applying to the job posting? If so, where? *        Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)? *     --  Yes  No    Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Rally Health are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Infrastructure Engineer, Quality Engineering: San Francisco, CA San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Credit Karma is looking for a quick-thinking, quality enthusiast who understands releasing great software is not just about reactive testing or one size fits all tools or automation frameworks. As an engineer on the QE team you’ll be solving big quality challenges, leading our Quality Engineers and SEITs in the art of DevOps/TestOps and helping to create a long term vision of quality for our product engineering teams. You are a passionate member of the team who wants to have high impact; looking for a hands-on technical career with creating and extending internal tools and frameworks. This isn’t just about “Quality Assurance”; we want you to help us create a better product and proactively improve our quality efforts on the whole. What Will You Do? Be a strong quality advocate! Utilize strong, collaborative engineering techniques and methods, such as DevOps/TestOps, Test Driven Development, and Continuous Integration approaches. Design, develop, and implement internal tools and automated solutions to meet the needs of the Product Engineering organization. Identify new industry tools to add to our CI and testing Processes. Improve feature and site quality by improving existing tools and processes. Drive a constant feedback cycle between Quality Engineering and other engineering teams to identify error-prone or inefficient processes. Conduct reviews of code and technical designs with an eye towards reliability, scalability, and observability. What's Great About it? You'll be able to use your amazing skills to protect the full stack experience, helping us build better products. You’ll be knee deep in a great mission; helping people improve their finances. You’ll learn a lot and we value continued learning and development. You'll have the ability to introduce new tools and frameworks to your team. And, of course, all those awesome company perks that you probably already read about. What Do We Expect? Several years professional experience in TestOps/DevOps industry as well as framework design and implementation. Deep understanding of OOP, algorithms, and risk based testing strategies. Experienced with CI/CD, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Salt, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins,  AWS, Linux, MySQL, RESTful APIs and/or GraphQL. Proficient in multiple programming languages e.g. Ruby, JavaScript, Python, PHP, or Java. Bonus points for experience Scala, Go, Node.js or Thrift You are self-directed, deeply curious, and you take action on your great ideas. You are detail oriented and have amazing communication skills. Willingness to challenge existing practices in order to make them even better. Involved in the larger TestOps/DevOps community. More information about engineering life at Credit Karma can be found here https://engineering.creditkarma.com/engineering-life/ Apply for this job Credit Karma Home Page Jobs powered by∙ 5+ years DevOps automation experience scripting/automation tools such as PowerShell, Puppet, Chef, etc. ∙ Expert-level experience with Puppet & Jenkins is required ∙ Strong experience and understanding of Microsoft Azure cloud solutions with experience conducting large rollouts to the cloud Linux and/or Windows administration experience ∙ Experience with managing software in a Windows environment using Chocolatey preferred ∙ Knowledge of Microsoft .NET development stack ∙ Well versed in internet architectures, including web, application, and database components such as Apache, IIS, MySQL, SQL Server, etc. ∙Excellent communication and collaboration skills Job Type: Contract Salary: $85.00 /hour Required experience: devops: 6 years      Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Tubi TV  (View all jobs)  San Francisco (HQ)    Join Tubi TV and reinvent the way consumers consume movies and TV. With over 50,000 movies & TV shows, over 3 million users a month watch over 300M minutes of the world's largest free catalog of premium content. With backing from leading VC firms, and content partners like MGM, Paramount and Lionsgate, we are well positioned to disrupt the streaming media space.  Our native Android app has over millions of downloads, a 4.1+ rating on play store and generates a significant amount of our revenue.  Why work here?   A tight-knit team of passionate people and a tech-first business.  Autonomy and end-to-end ownership.  Work directly with reps from Google who are invested in the app's success.  In addition to VC funding, Tubi TV generates healthy revenue and is close to profitable.  We offer very competitive pay, equity, full medical, dental & vision benefits, catered lunch, gym subsidies and your choice of hardware.  Yearly bonuses depending on individual and company performance.   We get excited about candidates who have:   BSc/MSc in Computer Science or other related field.  At least four years of industry experience and at least three years in a DevOps/SRE role  At least one year working experience with Ansible and Terraform  Extremely comfortable with Linux, AWS, shell scripting  Working knowledge of Python  Experience in networking is a strong plus          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *                   Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Senior DevOps Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job We’re looking for an experienced DevOps Engineer to join our team at Eaze. As a Sr. DevOps Engineer, you’ll help run and shape the infrastructure that our platform runs on as well as provide mentorship to jr. and mid-level DevOps Engineers on the team. You’ll use tools like Chef, CloudFormation, and everything AWS to automate, monitor, and build our infrastructure. We like to iterate quickly, so DevOps is included early and often in the product planning process. You’ll work closely with our application engineers to help them ship reliable, high quality products. You and your team mates will be responsible for all of the infrastructure that runs our business. Our infrastructure runs in AWS and uses many of the services that it provides. Our ideal candidate has extensive experience setting up automation, monitoring, alerting, and logging systems in the AWS cloud. We also have a hybrid C# .NET and Node.js environment, so you will be intermixed between managing both environments. Required skills include: 5+ years in infrastructure roles AWS Linux server administration Config automation (we use Chef) Docker Continuous Integration (CI) systems MS SQL and PostgreSQL Understanding of infrastructure security best practices Common AWS products such as: CloudFormation scripts, ELB, Redshift, CodeDeploy, EC2, S3, Route 53, and CloudFront Bash scripting Monitoring/alerting Bonus points for: Kubernetes Terraform Managing Windows servers Security compliance Data pipeline architecture About Eaze: E aze ( eaze.com ), the leading cannabis technology company, is on a mission to help people enjoy the moment through convenient access to high quality marijuana products. Founded in 2014, the company’s technology enables superior customer choice and convenience by connecting product brands, dispensaries and doctors to customers on demand. With over 300,000 users in California, Eaze has unprecedented access to big data regarding cannabis market trends and consumer preferences which it shares with industry and media partners through its Eaze Insights Program. Apply for this job Eaze Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Mozilla  (View all jobs)  East Coast preferred    Location: North America (remote or in one of our offices)  Senior DevOps Engineer  About the Team  Mozilla’s Services Operations Team is looking for an ambitious Senior DevOps Engineer. You'll need solid Linux/UNIX skills and experience with standard web application stacks (LAMPy, Node.js, etc). You'll also need to be able to program with a deep understanding of deployment challenges. You'll be expected to provide hands-on technical engineering of our ever-growing server and application environments across multiple global data centers, and AWS. Most importantly, you'll be an integral part of the team handling the infrastructure responsible for delivering Mozilla’s back-end services (such as Add-ons and Sync) to millions of Firefox users.    As a Senior DevOps Engineer at Mozilla, you will…   Maintenance of our core server infrastructure which includes helping to scale our back-end services from tens to hundreds of millions of clients  Support, tuning, maintenance, and documentation of our operating environment including builds, code deployment, and solving problems  Write, maintain, and expand automation scripts, metrics and monitoring tooling, and orchestration recipes  Work with product engineering to ensure code is production ready  Collaboration with QA, Security, and Engineering for coordinated code releases     Your Professional Profile   Have solid scripting knowledge (shell, Python, JS).  Some development background with Python, JS, or Go highly preferred.  Configuration management and orchestration experience. Puppet experience is a plus.  Experience working with a cloud infrastructure. AWS experience a plus.  Monitoring / metrics experience, including plug-in/check script writing and modification.  B.S. in Computer Science would be lovely, but real-world experience is preferred.     Next Steps  If our team sounds like a good fit for you please send us your resume with a cover letter. Tell us about why you're passionate about Mozilla and this position. If you contribute to any open source software, or maintain a blog, Twitter, or similar online presence we'd love to hear about it.    About Mozilla  Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.  Mozilla is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity throughout our recruiting and hiring process and is dedicated to growing diversity in our workplace.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Have you, or do you, contribute to Mozilla's Open Source Project? *     --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Mozilla are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.     Application consent for Mozilla  By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:  Mozilla collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Mozilla’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, Mozilla may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.  Mozilla does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, Mozilla has international sites and Mozilla uses resources located throughout the world. Mozilla may from time to time also use third parties to act on Mozilla’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within Mozilla group of companies as well as to third parties acting on Mozilla’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided Mozilla with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.       I Accept               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Software Engineer - Risk & Service Engineering San Francisco, CA Role At A Glance We are looking for an exceptional full stack developer who loves solving challenging problems. Plastiq has world-class Risk & Service functions that you will be building innovative software to support. You are sharp, results oriented , knowledgeable, ambitious, and determined, taking pride and ownership in everything you build. In this role, you will build our software products that empower our Risk, Compliance, Financial Operations and Customer Service teams, and ultimately, our customers. Our Stack: Plastiq operates a Continuous Delivery Model. On the frontend, we use HTML/JavaScript/CSS. On the backend, we use PHP with MySQL and MongoDB. About You 4+ years professional experience as a full-stack software developer You have deep experience with JavaScript and PHP You are very comfortable with relational databases (MySQL especially) and with NoSQL stores like MongoDB You've shipped and maintained frontend products You've built and maintained backend code/systems You love writing tests and releasing code to production You have experience with Vagrant or other containers You have great DevOps skills with Apache, MySQL, AWS, Heroku You have a willingness to take risks and move fast – done is better than perfect! You are eager to learn new languages, frameworks and tools. Your Responsibilities Write clean, modular code, complete with automated tests, that is scalable and maintainable Do QA: engineers own the quality of their code! Do DevOps: engineers deploy and maintain production code! Work with the Risk & Compliance team to build awesome software to detect fraud patterns and comply with financial rules and regulations Work with the Financial Operations team to build real-time monitoring of our financial flows in and out of the organization and identify exceptions systematically Work with the Customer Services team to build tools to help them provide our customers world-class service Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms                      Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Build and Release Engineer/ Dev Ops    Energize Recruitment ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 3 weeks ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Build and Release Engineer/ Dev Ops    Edit     Skill: Build and Release,Java,Dev Ops,Scrips    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Build and Release, Java, Dev Ops, Scrips          Full Time            100000-130000            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Have you been looking into DevOps recently but your current company doesn't have the bandwidth for you to make a step forward? Do you want to get involved in DevOps but don't know where to start?  Would you like to work for a company that is poised to redefine how enterprises of all sizes distribute money owed to customers? How does working for a company that is actually changing how companies interact with their consumers sound? A company that boasts clients such as PayPal, Ebay and Amazon We are currently working with a company in San Francisco who are looking for a Build and Release/ Dev Ops Engineer with 1-4 years experience to work alongside the Lead Engineer. All you will need to bring to be successful in this Job is Strong Java Skills and a willingness to learn! You will learn everything you need to know on the job, all you will need to bring is some Java Experience and willingness to learn! Your role will be to implement and maintain tools for continuous builds, automated testing and release management. Manage and improve release processes with a strategic plan to move towards continuous integration. Help manage and maintain testing environments. You will be working closely with the engineering team to help identify and resolve production issues. If you’re interested in this role and would like some more information please contact Jakew@Energizerec.com/ +1 347 918 3501       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Jake Whitby  730 Arizona Avenue
				
				
					
						Santa Monica, CA, 90401  Contact               Dice Id : 90995892    Position Id : 206358      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Sr. Build & Release Engineer   Xtensegrity  Palo Alto, CA     Build and Release Engineer/Manager,San Francisco, CA, Need Local Only   Alpha Net Consulting LLC  San Francisco, CA     Release Engineer   Software Guidance & Assistance  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    Sr. Release Engineer   Rodan + Fields, LLC  San Ramon, CA     Release Manager   Ceras Health, Inc  San Francisco, CA     Sr Software Engineer (Build automation, networking)   Fabergent  San Francisco, CA     Release Manager (Cloud / SFDC)   Global Infotech Corporation  San Francisco, CA     Engineer II (Enterprise Tools)   Ross Stores, Inc  Dublin, CA     Build Engineer | Build Administrator   VDart, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Jenkins Build Engg (Bamboo to Jenkins)   Ramp Group  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Engineer   Agility Software Solutions  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Rose IT Corp.  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   The Armada Group  San Francisco, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Build and Release Engineer/ Dev Ops  Energize Recruitment | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Build and Release Engineer/ Dev Ops  Energize Recruitment | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Build and Release Engineer/ Dev Ops with Energize Recruitment through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Build and Release Engineer/ Dev Ops  Energize Recruitment         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site            Application Security Engineer San Francisco, CA Clients Platform & Product Development – Clients Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Twitch is looking for a focused Application Security Engineer with a desire to play on the Blue Team.  Maybe you’re a pentester who is bored of always winning; maybe you’re the local security champion within your development organization.  However you got to where you are, we want one thing from you - help make Twitch’s products as safe as they can be for our partners and viewers. In this role, you will be escorting Twitch’s products and features from ideation to deployment.  You will be providing consulting to product teams looking to try new things safely.  You will be reviewing critical passages of code for adherence to standards and safe practices.  Most importantly, you will be helping to build and automate the tools that do the above for you as a force multiplier.  And yes, where warranted, there’s some pentesting in it for you as well.  You know, if you’re into that. Responsibilities Consult with business units and perform threat modeling on new and existing products and features to help guide security activities, suggesting preferred implementation patterns and identifying areas of security risk for scrutiny. Review implementation code and perform Red Team activities on critical products and features; identify security flaws and suggest remediations. Build, automate, and operate security review capabilities for Twitch, such as static and dynamic code analysis across multiple technology stacks and languages. Handle external reports of security vulnerabilities, guiding remediation and making decisions on bug bounties. Be a champion for security to the business units; train and instill core security values in engineers including exercising risk-based judgments and prioritizing remediation work. Participate in the development of security standards, preferred implementation patterns, secure common frameworks, and developer documentation and education materials. Requirements BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent technology experience. 3 years of demonstrated application security experience Strong demonstrated knowledge of web protocols and an in-depth knowledge of Linux/Unix tools and architecture. Demonstrated software development proficiency (Go, Ruby, Python, Java, C#, Obj-C/Swift) Comprehension of algorithms and processes for programmatic automation via scripting or programming languages (Python, Ruby, shell, perl, etc.). Well-rounded background in host, network and application security Ability to prioritize multiple tasks and projects in a dynamic environment. Effective written and oral communication with multiple levels of leadership involving both business and technical sides of the business Bonus Points MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or 5+ years of equivalent technology experience. Maturity, judgment, negotiation/influence skills, analytical skills, and leadership skills. Background in devops on AWS platforms and services. Extensive knowledge of internet security issues and threat landscape Independent project management capability Perks Full benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life 401(k) savings plan with a company match Catered daily lunch and dinners (and hearty breakfasts three times a week) Unlimited snacks and drinks Monthly in-office massages Corporate gym membership Commuter Benefits Flexible time off policy Weekly happy hours and opportunity to attend one gaming event or tournament Top of the line technology to help you build your own workspace About Twitch Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at http://twitch.tv . We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records . #LI-MS1 Apply for this job Twitch Home Page Jobs powered by                        Skip Navigation    Gap Inc Careers   Mobile Menu     MENU   Home  About Us   Leadership  Benefits  Innovation & Growth  Global Sustainability  History  commitment to Equal Pay  Diversity & Inclusion    Featured Job Areas   Marketing  Design  Merchandising  Inventory Management and Planning  Production  Stores  Supply Chain and Product Operations  Technology and Digital   U.S.  India     College Students and Recent Grads  Blog    Brands   Gap Inc.  GAP  Banana Republic  Old Navy  Athleta  Intermix  Weddington Way      Global Locations  Saved Jobs  Log In   External Candidates  Internal Applicants                  Search   Search   Keyword     Location      Radius  Radius  5 miles  15 miles  25 miles  35 miles  50 miles     Search          Job Details     Director - Cloud Platform  TWO FOLSOM San Francisco, California  94105   JOB#: 214325  DATE POSTED: 
            Sep. 21, 2017  JOB STATUS: Full-time   Apply  Save Job Remove Job    GapTech is the engine behind Gap Inc.’s mission to be the world’s favorite for American style. Our technologists are driving retail technology innovation, e-commerce for all Gap Inc.’s brands and delivering global, scalable, cloud-based solutions using best in class platforms. Reimagining retail has never been more fun! The Cloud Engineering team is driving an exciting transformation of the way software is developed, validated and deployed globally at GapTech, using principles of Cloud-Native, DevOps and Continuous Delivery. Th e Director of Cloud Platform will lead the requirements gathering, build out, operationalization and support of public and private cloud platforms to enable application teams on their journey to cloud-native modernization. Essential Functions: Recruit into, mentor and manage a lean cloud platform engineering team: Asses and build a global presence when needed Identify and fill in implementation and support (devops) gaps Engage proactively with cloud execution services, product architects and development management to: Identify requirements for generic cloud platforms and runtimes Prototype, build out and alpha/beta test cloud platform solutions with a fast feedback loop Set up documentation and training around platform usage and support Work with cloud product and project management to: Scope, size and prioritize cloud platform work Resource manage engineers across platform work-streams Full ‘devops’ ownership includes (but not limited to): Openstack Private Cloud Pivotal Cloud Foundry (on private and public cloud) Chef Servers and Infrastructure (across private and public) Cloud IaaS Management and Governance platform Container as a Service infrastructure and eco-system (managed and orchestrated Kubernetes) Key business metrics: GapTech feature lead time, GapTech DevOps transformation Key consumer metrics: platform adoption, cloud-native applications, infrastructure setup/operational costs Qualifications: BA/BS Degree in CS or related field + 8 years experience 5+ years directly leading engineering team(s) in: The build out and management of an enterprise grade private cloud (Openstack preferred, VMWare acceptable) Support infrastructure around infrastructure automation (Chef preferred, Puppet/Ansible acceptable) Enterprise adoption of public cloud services (Azure preferred, AWS/GCP acceptable) The build out and management of Application PaaS systems preferred (Cloud Foundry, Openshift or equivalent) The build out and management of enterprise grade container infrastructure preferred (Kubernetes ecosystem or equivalent) Non-Functional: Microservices, OO Design Patterns, TDD 5+ years working hands-on in: An Enterprise Linux environment Deploying applications/data stores/infrastructure to private and/or public cloud Developing and/or supporting cloud-native 12-factor applications preferred Demonstrable understanding of PaaS, CaaS, DevOps and Continuous Delivery Demonstrable experience building successful business cases for cloud platforms Demonstrable ability and desire to thrive in a proactive, fast paced environment    Apply           Learn About This Location      Share This Job   Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Email       Meet the tech team                Recently Viewed Jobs    You do not have any recently viewed jobs.     Sign Up for Gap Inc. Job Alerts   We're looking for talented people to work with us in our stores, headquarters, distribution centers, call centers and corporate offices.  Expand   Sign up here to get the latest job openings to your inbox.  All fields are required.  Close Job Alerts    Email Address Interested In Add category and/or location and click "add." Repeat for additional categories and locations. Job Category Select a Job Category Administrative & Secretary Architecture/Construction (Store Development) Athleta Banana Republic Communications & Government Affairs Customer Service/Call Center Design Facilities/Maintenance Finance Gap Gap Inc Gap Times Square General Management: HQ Human Resources Intermix Inventory Management/Planning Legal Logistics/Distribution Center Loss Prevention (HQ): Non-Agent/Management Loss Prevention (store): Agent/Service Representative Marketing / PR Merchandising/ Buying Mill Management Old Navy Old Navy Times Square Product Design Product Management Production/Pre-Production Real Estate Seasonal Sales Associate Shared Function Store Operations Store: Management Store: Sales Associate/Stock/Supervisor Strategic Sourcing Strategy Supply Chain Technical Technology/IT Times Square Vendor Management Visual Merchandising Weddington Way Location Add Gap Inc, San Francisco, California, United States Remove Technology/IT, San Francisco, California, United States Remove Remove   Confirm Email                              GET YOUR RESUME NOTICED  Our recruiters share five secrets for getting your resume noticed.  Learn More           SUSTAINABILITY  We’re working hard to make our business more sustainable by setting bold goals and partnering with others to change our industry for the better.  Learn More           Committed to Inclusion  At Gap Inc., we are open for business for everyone. There’s still more work to do, but our core values of equality, diversity and inclusion are always in style. We’re proud to be ranked second out of 6,000 in Thomson Reuters global index.  Learn More                         Follow Gap Inc.  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube  LinkedIn      Follow  Life at Gap Inc.       GAP  Banana Republic  Old Navy  Athleta  Intermix  Weddington Way  Gap Inc.      Jobs by Category  Jobs by Location     Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status.   Contact Us  Terms of Use  Privacy Policy  Help   2017 © Gap Inc. All rights reserved                                                                   Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation                Sign In      FAQ      Style Guide    Women    Men        Gift Cards         Get Started  Sign In                          Careers at Stitch Fix  Stitch Fix empowers people to be their best selves—professionally and personally.         We’re a team of bright, kind, goal-oriented individuals who care deeply about achieving great things. We know our individual strengths, but believe that we’re strongest together. Our company is transforming the retail experience as we know it—and we need your big ideas. We just might be the perfect fit.        View All Jobs             Have a question?  Visit our FAQ »   More info         The service   Help Center  Contact Us  Gift Cards  iPhone App  Plus Sizes  Maternity  Petite  Premium Brands  Style Guide    Women    Men        The company   About Us  Press  Influencer Program  Careers  Tech Blog     Have a question?   FAQ  Help Center  Contact Us       Women  Men     Follow us      Facebook      Instagram      Pinterest      Twitter       Women /stitchfix  Men /stitchfixmen    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen    Women /stitchfix  Men /stitch-fix-men    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen             Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Supply Chain Information | Ad Choices   Stitch Fix and Fix are trademarks of Stitch Fix, Inc.          x        Sorry, we're not available right now  Our team will call you back tomorrow morning.  Please tell us your name.   Enter your U.S. phone number.                           1-888-991-2791 | 24/7 Live Support  Location | Careers | Contact Us                     Our Process  Services  Case Studies  Clients  Partners  Blog  About Us  Contact                 ClearScale Is Growing  Talk to a Cloud Specialist          Overview  Our Team  Careers  Cloud Resources  Contact Us          We empower teams to achieve their goals  ClearScale is a leading cloud systems integration firm providing a wide range of cloud services including architecture design, development, integration, migration, automation, and managed services. We help Fortune 500 enterprises, mid-sized business, and startups succeed with ambitious, challenging, and unique cloud projects. We architect, develop, and launch innovative and sophisticated solutions using the best cutting-edge cloud technologies.  ClearScale is growing quickly and there is high demand for the services we provide. Clients come to us for our deep experience with key cloud infrastructure, automation, and management providers like AWS, Chef, and Docker.  This is a unique opportunity to make a big impact, enjoy competitive compensation, work on a wide variety of projects for clients across multiple industries, and work alongside some of the best minds in cloud.  See below for open positions and details on how to apply.  Current openings      ClearScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: ClearScale is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at ClearScale are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. ClearScale will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. ClearScale encourages applicants of all ages.           Case Study   Innovation Leadership “Samsung Cloud Print”  Read Case Study        Blog  Robust & Scalable Voter Guide Solution Leveraging Amazon Web Services  Read Blog        White Paper   San Jose Water Company Expedites New Feature Delivery with DevOps Help from ClearScale on AWS  Read White Paper        Case Study   The Big Data Infrastructure That Powers The Globe and Mail’s Article Recommendation Engine  Read Case Study              San Francisco  Headquarters  71 Stevenson St.  Suite 400  San Francisco, CA 94105  O: 1-888-991-2791  F: 1-415-655-6601    Denver  999 18th Street,  Suite 3000  Denver, CO 80202  O: 1-303-357-4738    Phoenix  2266 South Dobson Road  Suite 200  Mesa, AZ 85202  O: 1-480-603-3034    Toronto  100 King Street West  Suite 5600  Toronto, Ontario, M5X 1C9  O: 1-416-479-5447    New York  165 Broadway, 23rd Floor  New York City, NY 10006  O: 1-646-759-3656                    © 2017 ClearScale, LLC. All Rights Reserved.  About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy                        live chat answering service                                           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                     Sorry, this job is not currently posted. Unable to Access Page. The value of a parameter contains a character that is not allowed or the value is not defined.              Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                                                               Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation                Sign In      FAQ      Style Guide    Women    Men        Gift Cards         Get Started  Sign In                          Careers at Stitch Fix  Stitch Fix empowers people to be their best selves—professionally and personally.         We’re a team of bright, kind, goal-oriented individuals who care deeply about achieving great things. We know our individual strengths, but believe that we’re strongest together. Our company is transforming the retail experience as we know it—and we need your big ideas. We just might be the perfect fit.        View All Jobs             Have a question?  Visit our FAQ »   More info         The service   Help Center  Contact Us  Gift Cards  iPhone App  Plus Sizes  Maternity  Petite  Premium Brands  Style Guide    Women    Men        The company   About Us  Press  Influencer Program  Careers  Tech Blog     Have a question?   FAQ  Help Center  Contact Us       Women  Men     Follow us      Facebook      Instagram      Pinterest      Twitter       Women /stitchfix  Men /stitchfixmen    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen    Women /stitchfix  Men /stitch-fix-men    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen             Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Supply Chain Information | Ad Choices   Stitch Fix and Fix are trademarks of Stitch Fix, Inc.          x        Sorry, we're not available right now  Our team will call you back tomorrow morning.  Please tell us your name.   Enter your U.S. phone number.                                  About Us    Advertise    Press Room    Games    Careers    Who We Are    Culture    People    Job Openings    Perks      Contact Us       Select Page                         Back to Job Search Results    Try A New Search        Software Engineer - Data Services    Locations:  San Francisco, CA         Description  GSN Games is looking for a Software Engineer to join our Data team in San Francisco!  About the Data Service Team Our incredibly talented team provides the public interface for data and analytics necessary to make GSN Games a fun and rich experience for players. We are building a next generation data platform and analytics suite to support the nearly one billion records a day coming from our portfolio of gaming apps, databases, supporting web services, third party APIs, and everything in between  What You'll Do: The GSN Data Services team provides well defined interfaces and contracts via RESTful APIs for our data and analytics products. We run services ranging all the way from data ingestion to sending back machine learning data to clients, and auxiliary services like authorization to support our core services.  You will be part of designing, implementing, testing, deploying, integrating and maintaining new and existing microservices on top of state of the art AWS infrastructure.  About You: •   3-5 years of experience writing large scale web applications with low-latency, highly scalable and highly available distributed systems •   RESTful service design and implementation •   Strong experience with client side JavaScript frameworks such as Angular 2 or React •   Strong experience with Java •   Experience with at least one other general purpose languages (Scala, Python, Go …) •   Experience with relational database and NoSQL databases •   Strong familiarity with *nix tools and environments •   Commitment to high quality software through automated tests and continuous integration •   Strong AWS experience with DevOps and automation culture •   Experience working in agile environment •   Bachelor in CS or equivalent experience  Bonus Points! •   Experience with Vertica a plus •   Spring Boot •   Experience in the gaming industry    About Us:  GSN Games delivers social casino and skill-based games designed to fuel every player’s inner winner. Founded in 1999, the company has evolved into one of the world’s top game publishers and creators. Its collection of social casino games includes GSN Casino and Bingo Bash, both top 10 grossing iPad apps, as well as Wheel of Fortune Slots: The Ultimate Collection, Solitaire TriPeaks, Mirrorball Slots, Fresh Deck Poker and more. GSN Games is the maker of Sparcade, the world’s first app where players can compete for money in skill-adapted versions of the biggest game franchises of all time within a vibrant, trusted community. Owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment and AT&T Entertainment Group, GSN Games operates studios worldwide in the U.S., U.K., Spain, Ukraine, Israel and India.  Connect with us on Twitter @insidegsngames, on Instagram @gsngames and on LinkedIn at  https://www.linkedin.com/company/gsn .                     Are you a returning applicant?              Previous Applicants:    Email:     Password:      If you do not remember your password click here .     Back to Search Results    Try A New Search      Subscriptions Profile Company Admin Sign out About Cisco   AppDynamics is now part of Cisco  Learn More Product Product Features Overview  Application Performance Management  End-User Monitoring  Business Performance Monitoring APP iQ PLATFORM Visibility and dashboards for managing application, customer experience, and business performance LEARN MORE Pricing Overview FAQ Solutions Use Cases DevOps Monitoring Business Performance Microservices Cloud Migration Continuous Delivery Cloud Monitoring For Developers Java .Net PHP Node.js C++ Python Apache Web Server Go Security and Availability Business Transactions Extensibility Industry Financial Services Government Healthcare Insurance Retail Media and Entertainment Telecom Role IT Operations CIO App Development Business Owner and Analyst Mobile Development CMO Resources Resources Overview Webinars Events Extensions AppDynamics University Community Documentation AppDynamics Essentials Getting Started Take a Guided Tour This quick guided tour walks you through AppDynamics APM’s industry-leading features and benefits Take a tour Customers See All Case Studies  RETAIL | Container Store  TECHNOLOGY | Cisco  Financial Services | Nasdaq Company Overview What is AppDynamics? Leadership Press Blog Partners Careers Contact Us Help & Support START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In Sign in Account Company Careers About Cisco   AppDynamics is now part of Cisco  Learn More START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In  Product Product Features Overview  Application Performance Management  End-User Monitoring  Business Performance Monitoring APP iQ PLATFORM Pricing Overview  FAQ Solutions Use Cases DevOps  Monitoring Business Performance  Microservices  Cloud Migration  Continuous Delivery  Cloud Monitoring For Developers Java  .Net  PHP  Node.js  C++  Python  Apache Web Server  Go  Security and Availability  Business Transactions  Extensibility Industry Financial Services  Government  Healthcare  Insurance  Retail  Media and Entertainment  Telecom Role IT Operations  CIO  App Development  Business Owner and Analyst  Mobile Development  CMO Resources Resources Overview  Webinars  Events  Extensions  AppDynamics University  Community  Documentation  AppDynamics Essentials  Getting Started  Take a Guided Tour Customers See All Case Studies RETAIL | Container Store  TECHNOLOGY | Cisco  Financial Services | Nasdaq Company Overview  What is AppDynamics?  Leadership  Press  Blog  Partners  Careers  Contact Us Help & Support  Sign in Account Subscriptions  Profile  Sign out Company Careers  Sorry, iframes are not supported. Quick Links Product Pricing Solutions Company Careers Partners Supply Chain Transparency AppDynamics Read more about how AppDynamics Integrated Network Visibility can help facilitate collaboration between teams and b… https://t.co/au7ue4vla8 3 days, 6 hours ago See more from @AppDynamics > Latest from the Blog Subscribe to the AppDynamics Blog Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form Trending Topics What is AppDynamics? Breaking Down IoT Introducing Business iQ Cloud Migration Gartner Magic Quadrant (APM) Build and Scale Microservices About Cisco & AppDynamics Help Community Support Portal Documentation Resources Contact Us Copyright © 2009 - 2017 AppDynamics. All Rights Reserved. English (UK)  English (USA)  Deutsche  Français  日本語  English (USA) Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Security           SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please contact us at EMEA: +49 6227 7 48599 and careers@sap.com, Americas: hrdirectamericas@sap.com, APJ: hrdirectapj@sap.com. Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.        Sign in        Career Home    University Programs   Current Students  Recent Graduates     Internal Employees    Life at SAP   Offices  People  Culture  Benefits  Career Development     Featured Jobs   Sales  Marketing & Communications  Consulting Services & Customer Support  Corporate Operations  Development & Technology  Finance  Human Resources  Executive & Management  University     Locations    Join Our Talent Community        University Programs  Current Students  Recent Graduates   Internal Employees   Life at SAP  Offices  People  Culture  Benefits  Career Development   Featured Jobs  Sales  Marketing & Communications  Consulting Services & Customer Support  Corporate Operations  Development & Technology  Finance  Human Resources  Executive & Management  University   Locations   Talent Network  Join Our Talent Community    Sign in            Search by Keyword      Search by Location                  Search by Keyword      Search by Location             Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now              Start           Please wait...         Share this Job                          Senior Developer - Container / Kubernetes / DevOps Job  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Start apply with Xing            Apply Now              Start           Please wait...       Date:  Oct 29, 2017    Location:  South San Francisco, CA, US    Company:  SAP    Requisition ID: 160403  Work Area: Information Technology  Expected Travel: 0 - 10%  Career Status: Professional  Employment Type: Regular Full Time  COMPANY DESCRIPTION  As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably.    JOBTITLE  Productization engineer/architect for HCM Cloud    ABOUT  SAP  As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition.  PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES  Department: SAP SFSF RMDA – Productization and Delivery Architecture  Overall Team size: ~20  Internationality: Germany, India, US    WORK ENVIRONMENT:    Our team is responsible to offer internal QA environments for testing purposes and to ensure that all features and functions, provided by ENG, will be certified to be fully operational, stable, performant and scalable before being released to the productive data centres around the globe.  One important aspect is to ensure a self-contained delivery e.g. via containers, allowing development to predefine the configuration and simplify the lifecycle management in productive data centres. It enables the developer to use those deliverables on his work station during development.    Our team did a lot of work to evaluate the usefulness for containers in the engineering space and we’re now ready to move it to the next level. We need to support internal use cases to support and offer flexible solutions for the demand from developers and testers. In addition, we need to prepare the path for containers into production.    Your focus will be on container architecture and container orchestration for HCM Products such as BizX, Learning, Onboarding.  Beside your work on containers you will take care for projects ensuring the cloud readiness of services and products.    To achieve those goals, you will collaborate with stakeholders in Development, Operations and Product Management. Reviewing architectural concepts and process, implementing first PoCs and sharing your feedback with Development and Operations architects for a final alignment will be another part of your daily work.    We’re looking for a highly enthusiastic colleague, who is eager to work on new technologies, supporting us to achieve the next level of software delivery.    EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS    •Build and work with containers (e.g. Docker) and container orchestration tools (e.g. Kubernetes)  •Run architectural reviews from the standpoint of operational readiness, consult engineering and operations  •Orchestrate teams from various areas to contribute actively  •Work in close collaboration with teams across the organization, setting up a trustful relationship      EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES    •Good technical understanding of Cloud architecture  •Experienced in building container and working with container orchestration tools  •Linux administration skills are welcome  •Very good analytical and technical skills, familiar with technology across the stack (OS, network, DB, application)  •Architectural knowledge on HCM products such as BizX, Learning, Onboarding  •Good social skills to collaborate with colleagues across different teams  •Very good communication skills towards all levels  •Knowledge about Cloud delivery and Cloud operation in general helpful      WORK EXPERIENCE    Strong background on container and IT technologies  Development experience    LOCATION  South San Francisco, US    EXPECTED TRAVEL  No regular travel expected.    SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT  To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.    SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT  To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.  SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com , APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com , EMEA: C areers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.  Additional Locations:     Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Developer, ERP, Engineer, SAP, Cloud, Technology, Engineering     Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Start apply with Xing            Apply Now              Start           Please wait...         Find similar jobs:   Information Technology Jobs in San Francisco,  Information Technology Jobs in Oakland,  ERP Jobs in Oakland,  Developer Jobs in the United States,  Developer Jobs in San Francisco         ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.     Email*   Not you?    Password*     Forgot Password?    Submit   Cancel    * required field        ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.     Email*   Not you?    Password*     Forgot Password?    Submit   Cancel    * required field        ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:       Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.    1. Reset your password:   The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.   Click here to reset your Password      2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel           ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:       Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.    1. Reset your password:   The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.   Click here to reset your Password      2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel           ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.     Confirm           ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.     Confirm           ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.     Email*    Not you?     Password*     Forgot Password?    Sign in   Cancel    * required field        ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.     Email*    Not you?     Password*     Forgot Password?    Sign in   Cancel    * required field        ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users     Email*     Password*     Forgot Password?     Sign in    * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create             ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »          ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »            Follow SAP   Follow SAP on Facebook  Follow SAP on Twitter  Follow SAP on LinkedIn  Follow SAP on Instagram  Follow SAP on YouTube     SAP Careers  SAP.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy  Impressum                                               Head of Cloud Engineering San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job We're looking for a Head of Cloud Engineering to lead and grow our team and and inspire them to do great work. You will oversee the development of the provisioning, deployment and automation of our analytics platform and infrastructure. You and your team will be responsible for managing and scaling our infrastructure. You will also work closely with our development team to implement the necessary processes to keep our platform highly available and efficient. Our underlying systems process hundreds of billions of events per month for thousands of enterprise customers. Our team has built sophisticated data ingestion pipelines and our own in-house database engine optimized for analyzing user behavior in real-time. Our product sits on top of many modern technologies, including Python, Java, Kafka, Redis, Amazon S3, DynamoDB, and Elasticsearch. You and your team will touch many technologies including AWS, SaltStack, Docker, Jenkins, Consul, Redis, Kafka, and Postgres. Responsibilities Build and lead a highly productive engineering team Attract high performing engineers Help engineers develop new skills and advance in their careers Encourage a healthy work environment that’s both supportive and challenging Develop internal tooling for automating the deployment of applications Manage the monitoring of our applications Set goals for improving uptime and availability of key systems Research and implement improvements to how we manage our infrastructure Support the rollout of InfoSec and compliance programs. Skills and Experience 4+ years of experience working in a Software Engineering/DevOps/Cloud Engineering role You have a couple of years of engineering management experience Experience with AWS, shell scripting/UNIX, and Python Familiarity with a deployment tool like Chef, Ansible, Saltstack Experience managing and automating large AWS deployments (100+ machines) Previous experience in distributed systems, data processing and analytics is a plus Strong foundation in programming, algorithms, and software application design Passion for solving challenging problems and iterating quicklyAre comfortable moving fast and shipping fast Have a B.S. Computer Science or another technical field. At Amplitude, we’re on a mission to help product teams understand their users’ behavior so that they can build better products. We’ve built a product analytics platform that enables anyone, regardless of analytics experience, to listen to what their users are telling them through user behavior. Founded in 2012, Amplitude is located in San Francisco’s SOMA neighborhood. We recently raised a $30M Series C and are backed by IVP, Battery Ventures, Benchmark Capital, and Y Combinator. You can learn more about our team, culture, and environment at https://amplitude.com/careers . Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Apply for this job Amplitude Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Peek  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Senior DevOps Engineer  Peek is revolutionizing the travel activities space.  The New York Times called Peek.com “a site you want to visit again and again”, and CNBC labeled Peek as the “OpenTable for activities”.  Peek’s CEO was named one of Forbes’ 30 Under 30 . The company is backed by tech heavyweights including Google’s Eric Schmidt, Square’s Jack Dorsey and TPG’s David Bonderman.  The Sr. DevOps Engineer is an integral part of the Engineering team. You will be responsible for keeping our services up and running, as well as building out our server infrastructure to support future services and platform technologies.  Our engineers participate in all aspects of running our platform at scale and have a healthy degree of impatience with manual processes and a passion for best of breed automation tools.  You will be empowered to determine and implement the best solutions.  About You:   You're passionate about high availability systems, and enjoy being on the front-line for critical server-side issues  You love working on small teams with a lot of responsibility, wearing several different hats, and successfully completing multiple projects at the same time  You're dependable, reliable, and able to tackle complex issues with a strong sense of urgency and ownership  You love researching and utilizing the best tools and technology so that you’re building for the future and not just the present  It’s all about (internal) customer service and their satisfaction   Responsibilities:   Own all aspects of 24/7 production data-center operations  Deploy and administer high profile web applications and underlying services  Lead technology initiatives including the use of containers (Docker, Amazon ECS, Kubernetes) that drive scalability and reliability  Ensure proper security, monitoring, alerting and reporting for the infrastructure  Improve the performance of our web applications and solve scaling issues  Create robust automated solutions for the production environment  Configure monitoring, tune system performance, and work closely with engineering teams  Use, test, update, and create documentation for production services   Requirements:   Significant experience with large-scale, high-availability, asynchronous, distributed systems; experience deploying & managing service-oriented architectures a plus  Expert hands-on knowledge of Linux scripting and automation (Bash, Python, or similar)  Must have 2+ years of advanced experience with Amazon Web Services management. This includes but is not limited to Route53, IAM security, VPC, Security Groups, EC2, ELB, S3, RDS and Elasticache.  CloudFormation, CloudFront, Lambda experience a plus.  Experience with monitoring/reporting technologies (e.g. Sensu, Grafana, NewRelic, CloudWatch).  Strong plus for experience with the ELK (ElasticSearch/Logstash/Kibana) stack.  Expert with systems management tools such as Puppet, Chef, Ansible or SaltStack.  Plus for experience with AWS management tools such as CodeDeploy or OpsWorks.  Deep knowledge of networking (routers/switches, load balancing, DNS, VPN, etc)  Experience with wide range of relevant technologies and distributed data stores including Ruby, Node, MongoDB and Postgres.  Experience with source control and build systems (Git/GitHub, Jenkins, Travis, etc)  Experience using NGINX for routing of web traffic          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    If hired, when could you start?       LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                 Skip Navigation                Toggle navigation  Menu          Search    My Account    Saved Jobs ( 0 )    Sign In          Job Details            Senior Systems Engineer - Linux/OSX          Job ID #:  JR22364    Functional Area:  Information Technology    Position Type:  Full-Time Regular    Relocation Provided:  No    Travel Percentage:  0        Primary Location:  US-California-San Francisco 735 Battery Street, 1st Floor-3934    Secondary Location(s):  US-California-Petaluma 119 C Street-4067    Remote - Anywhere In USA        Department:      Education Desired:  Bachelors Degree or equivalent    Experience Desired:  Proven Experience        Email a Friend    Save   Save  Apply Now             Position Responsibilities\Requirements:   FIS is seeking a Senior Systems Engineer to join our rapidly growing team. Our ideal candidate will be able to: Build/deploy/install - help maintain and build the most dependable infrastructure Scale - find ways to help us scale our operations via automation Support - work with developers, testers to support agile development This position may allow for remote work and relocation assistance is available. Our team and solutions connect consumers to their money — through leading-edge mobile banking, payments and commerce solutions. We’re the mobile development engine of FIS — the largest, Fortune 500, global Fintech company — powering over 1,400 banking apps and 30 million mobile users. Our solution is branded by our customers — banks and retailers — so you might not have heard of us. But, if you’ve used a banking app, you’re most likely using FIS Mobile software. Join us in setting the standard in mobile financial services.   Our DevOps team is powering the innovation of our market-leading mobile banking solution. This multi-faceted, versatile team ensures that our engineers have a suite of leading-edge automation tools at their disposal. This is not your traditional IT; team members work on everything from hardware to software to networks. Get to build iOS software on an enterprise platform, work on a Linux-based infrastructure, code in Ruby on Rails — and gain invaluable experience from this seasoned group whose spent many years in the tech industry.  Bring your passion and enthusiasm to help build and scale the infrastructure!   We are a dynamic, skilled and laid-back team.  Come join us and help build the best possible infrastructure at FIS Mobile! Responsibilities include: Complete administration of Linux and OSX environment Build and expand our monitoring and metrics suite Build, configure and support of middleware apps and third-party tools Manage and scale our hybrid cloud infrastructure - Cloudstack, XenServer, AWS, etc. Work closely with peers and partners on DevOps initiatives Knowledge and Experience requirements: 8+ years programming experience in a technical environment Experience with Redhat or CentOS Linux O/S Experience managing and maintaining a hybrid cloud (Cloudstack, Xen) Experience with build systems (Jenkins), distribution, installation, and maintenance of Open Source tools “Nice-to-have” skills & experience: Experience with a modern programming language such as Ruby, Python or Go. Familiar with Rails, Sinatra or other Ruby Web frameworks Experience with Software Development Lifecycle and the associated methods/tools Experience with build systems (Jenkins), distribution, installation, and maintenance of Open Source tools Familiarity with the container ecosystem and applications like Docker, Kubernetes or OpenShift. Knowledge of Cloud/hybrid infrastructure Ability to troubleshoot and improve upon complex systems          .        FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf and here: www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf For positions located in the US, the conditions below apply.
 
If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test and background check (including criminal record check)
 
ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis.     As part of the selection process this role may require an assessment to determine suitability      Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company.                jobDetails                              Senior DevOps Engineer San Francisco Research and Development – Engineering Full-time Apply for this job As a Sr. DevOps Engineer, you will join Gigster as one of the early members of the Core Engineering team. You’ll be teaming up with motivated and talented engineers, and will be treated as a true partner as we navigate exciting and uncharted business and technical challenges. You are obsessed with best practices and constantly think about standardized software deployments which can be easily managed and maintained. We’re looking for exceptionally talented engineers who will utilize industry best practices to build and maintain infrastructure which will be used by hundreds of software deployments. You should enjoy working with distributed systems, be obsessed with resilience and performance, and possess an appetite for mapping complex deployment requirements into simple infrastructural solutions. You have tinkered with AWS, Docker, and Kubernetes. We’re looking for exceptionally talented and motivated individuals to help us build the world’s best software at scale for thousands of clients. You'll be teaming up with scientists, engineers, product managers, and salespeople from a diverse set of backgrounds who are challenging every assumption about software development. The founders have built apps used by 300M users, ported video games to FPGA’s, and designed silicon lasers. You must live in San Francisco or be willing to relocate - we'll cover moving costs. We’ve built software for flying cars and robotic restaurants, shopping and travel recommendation apps, lawyers, doctors, and baked goods on-demand, social networks for families and roommates, and powered everything from shipping fleets to EEG research to genetic testing. Join us as we reinvent software development. RESPONSIBILITIES • Keep up to date with industry trends and best practices, incorporating new ideas and innovations back into Gigster’s engineering practices • Own and operate a Kubernetes cluster which runs a wide range of workloads ranging from large ETLs to microservices for real-time chat applications • Build real-time monitoring, logging, and alerting solutions which will be used by hundreds of heterogeneous deployments • Ensure deployments are resilient, hardened, and compliant with industry security standards QUALIFICATIONS • 3+ years of experience in the software industry • 1+ years of experience in infrastructure engineering, DevOps, or site reliability engineering role • Deep knowledge about cloud infrastructure, container technology, deployment automation, and management of production environments • Ability to work collaboratively within an inclusive team from a diverse range of backgrounds and disciplines ABOUT GIGSTER Learn more about careers at Gigster here: http://gigster.com/careers Gigster puts a world-class software development team in your pocket. Software is becoming an essential tool for every business with global IT spend reaching $2.3T, yet very few have easy access to quality, managed talent when they need custom software. Businesses built on software have thousands of times more leverage than businesses not built on software. We are changing the way software is built through a symbiosis of man and machine. We believe that by being the best place to freelance we will attract and retain the best talent, and in turn will provide the best service. Gigster prides itself in having an extraordinary network of developers, designers, and project managers. Intelligent tools powered by data from thousands of past projects take our network to superhuman levels of efficiency. The increasing levels of standardization in tooling, and access to data about the software development process itself, make the creation of software ripe for automation and scale. This inspired us to found Gigster. Gigster was founded in 2014. We’ve worked with startups & enterprises like IBM, World Bank, Airbus, Square, and Mastercard. Gigster has raised $32.5M from Andreessen-Horowitz, Redpoint Ventures, Greylock Partners, Bloomberg Beta and Felicis Ventures, and been covered in The Wall Street Journal, Business Insider, Fortune, and Inc. CULTURE Here at Gigster we believe in the following: • Continuously improve with data • Relationships > transactions • Deliver a wow experience • Impact > hours • Do it today • Build more than you talk • The best idea wins • Be direct but nice • Win through teamwork BENEFITS & PERKS • Full health, dental, and vision - we’ve got you covered • Whatever equipment you need - you need the best stuff to build the best stuff • Unlimited vacation - work hard but take time when you need it • Team offsites - we’ve been to Tokyo, NYC, Disney World, and more • Healthy snacks - raid the snack bar, you know you want to • Catered meals at work - stay in & stay healthy • Weekly game night - poker and speed chess are our favorites • Sharp, motivated co-workers - work with the best in your field and others • Life-changing work - solve real, hard problems you’ll want to brag about EQUAL OPPORTUNITY At Gigster we believe that a diverse workplace means a better, more resilient, and more innovative company. We are excited to work with anyone who shares our values regardless of race, color, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, familial pedigree, education, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, or veteran status. Apply for this job Gigster Home Page Jobs powered by      Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Twist Bioscience  San Francisco        Twist Bioscience is a disruptive synthetic biology late stage startup that counts amongst its customers some of the biggest names in the life sciences and biotech industries. Our ground breaking silicon-based DNA synthesis platform allows Twist to synthesize DNA at a scale and cost that is disrupting this nascent industry.  Twist is building a powerful eCommerce platform to make the ordering of DNA synthesis streamlined with an intuitive end-to-end user experience. As a Senior DevOps Engineer at our San Francisco headquarters, you will play a key role in enabling the software engineering teams that are building the eCommerce platform. You will collaborate closely with your DevOps colleagues in Tel Aviv, Israel as Twist matures its advanced development pipeline model towards continuous integration and deployment.  As the Twist work environment is dynamic and fast-paced, you should be highly self-motivated, and be a self-starter. The ability to work independently and maintain relationships with cross-functional stakeholders will be critical to the success of this role.  Responsibilities :   Solve complex problems with simple elegant solutions  Build and improve the tools we use to run our internal and external facing systems  Participate in capacity planning, performance improvement and automation/tooling development  Partner with our tools, engineering and QA teams to streamline the configuration and deployment of new services  Contribute towards making our infrastructure highly performant, reliable, and easy to operate  Use a wide variety of advanced operations technologies  Work in an agile and dynamic development environment   Requirements:   5+ years in a DevOps role  Knowledge of Linux systems and internals.  Good understanding of computer networking and related protocols.  Fluent in at least one scripting language (shell, Perl, Python, Ruby, ...)  Must be familiar with at least one version control system (pref. Git)  Solid troubleshooting abilities and teamwork to resolve production issues.  Familiar and comfortable with configuring Unix services (Nginx, Apache, Redis,  Memcache, tomcat, DNS, NTP, postfix, ...)  Experience with configuration management (Puppet, Chef, Ansible, ...)  Experience with monitoring (Graphite, Nagios, Ganglia, Munin, StatsD, ...)  Working knowledge of cloud infrastructure (AWS, GCE, Azure, ...)  Familiar with Continuous Integration servers (Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity, ...)  Familiar with the setup of databases such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB.  Excellent verbal and written English communication skills.   About Twist Bioscience  At Twist Bioscience, our expertise is accelerating science and innovation by leveraging the power of scale. We have developed a proprietary semiconductor-based synthetic DNA manufacturing process featuring a high throughput silicon platform capable of producing synthetic biology tools, including genes, oligonucleotide pools and variant libraries. Our platform overcomes the current inefficiencies of synthetic DNA production, and enables cost-effective, rapid, high-quality and high throughput synthetic gene production, which in turn, expedites the design, build, test cycle to enable personalized medicines, pharmaceuticals, sustainable chemical production, improved agriculture production, diagnostics, biodetection and data storage. For more information, please visit www.twistbioscience.com . Twist Bioscience is on Twitter. Sign up to follow our Twitter feed @TwistBioscience at https://twitter.com/TwistBioscience .  Twist Bioscience Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Twist Bioscience Corporation provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic characteristics, or any other category protected by law.           Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twist Bioscience are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Hired  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    We’re on a mission to help get everyone a job they love. Find the job you love here at Hired! ABOUT US At Hired we believe we are entering a new era of work, where people are not looking for jobs — they are seeking opportunities. Focusing on in-demand technology roles, we intelligently match outstanding people to full-time and freelance opportunities at the world's most innovative companies. By taking the pain out of the job search, we help people build purpose-driven careers and businesses find the talent to fulfill their missions. Ultimately, we want to empower everyone to find and do their best work, from one opportunity to the next. Hired is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in cities across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia, and plans to expand into new geographies, industries and job categories. For more information, news and tips for candidates and employers, visit Hired’s blog.  ABOUT THE ROLE  As an DevOps Engineer at Hired Inc., you will be a critical member of the Technical Operations team. We are responsible for ensuring the uptime and performance of Hired’s products and services, as well as managing the tools and environments that support our developers.  In this role, you will be building automation, improving monitoring and security, troubleshooting issues, and analyzing performance. You should be comfortable writing code, designing scalable services, and operating a customer-facing web application with high uptime requirements. This role is based in our San Francisco office.  WHAT WE NEED YOUR HELP WITH   Manage and improve our infrastructure to ensure the uptime and performance of our global marketplace.  Collaborate with the development teams to design scalable and supportable services.  Continually evaluate the security of Hired’s systems and applications, with an emphasis on data security.  Develop tools and services to support the software development teams.  Build automation for routine, simple, and complex tasks.  Troubleshoot and resolve active production issues.  Collaborate with peers and key stakeholders to develop and maintain disaster recovery processes.  Participate in an on-call rotation.   WHAT WE LOOK FOR   5+ years of operations engineering experience supporting global 24x7x365 web applications.  3+ years of experience with configuration management (Chef, Puppet, etc.) and infrastructure-as-code (Terraform, Cloudformation, etc.)  3+ years of software development, with a strong preference for Ruby on Rails.  Expertise with AWS (EC2, S3, Redshift, IAM, KMS, etc).  Experience with managing applications in Heroku.  Expertise in troubleshooting complex customer-facing systems.  Experience supporting CI/CD platforms and related software development tools.  Working knowledge of ElasticSearch, Postgres, Memcached, and Redis.  Experience working with global CDNs like Fastly or Akamai.  Comfortable with Linux, security, and networking fundamentals.  A passion for ownership and technical excellence.  Strong interpersonal and communication skills.   COMPENSATION, BENEFITS, & PERKS   Competitive compensation & equity options  Open vacation & sick time  Flexible work hours  Employer paid health insurance, vision, and dental  401(k)  Pre-tax commuter benefit  Gym reimbursement  Weekly educational classes & catered lunch  Weekly happy hours, Monthly team events  Stocked kitchen & beverages   We believe that when we can bring our whole selves to work on a day to day basis when we become happier, more comfortable, more confident and more excited to do great things for our company, each other, our product and our users. Hired aims to both build an internal team as well as help our clients build their teams with talent from all different backgrounds and lifestyles.  At Hired we welcome all applicants regardless of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences.  Hired is committed to creating a space that celebrates and respects diversity, equity and inclusion in its workforce. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to move forward in the interview process, please let me know or email accessibility@hired.com with the specific accommodation you’d like to request.           Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Tell us why you'd be a great fit for this role at Hired.       How many years of Ruby Experience do you have?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Hired are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.     Application consent for Hired  By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:  Hired collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Hired’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, Hired may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.  Hired does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, Hired has international sites and Hired uses resources located throughout the world. Hired may from time to time also use third parties to act on Hired’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within Hired group of companies as well as to third parties acting on Hired’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided Hired with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.       I Accept               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Principal Engineer - Platform Engineering  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    Platform Engineering is Twilio’s investment in velocity, a startup-within-a-startup. Our mission is to  provide every engineer at Twilio with the DevOps APIs and tools they need to succeed in their mission.   Engineering in Platform means understanding the demands of Twilio's entire R&D team; engineering our services beyond the scaling and performance challenges we face; driving Twilio to new heights of scale.  We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join us as we develop a new secrets and access control automation substrate for Twilio's global microservices platform.  Responsibilities:  * Write code and tests, pair w/peers, perform code reviews in Python, Java or Go.  * Be agile and ship features and fixes to Production weekly (often faster!)  * Propose, design & develop solutions that improve security and velocity.  * Own reliability for the team's services and participate in a weekly on-call rotation.    Requirements:  * Hands-on OOP experience developing tooling and RESTful services for infrastructure.  * Successful track record of delivering quality results in critical cross-functional projects.  * Fundamental experience in distributed systems, high availability, microservices.  * Persistent & creative: can unite engineers across boundaries to solve problems.  * Relentless in the pursuit to please our customers.  * 12+ years of experience in software development    Bonus:  * IAAS platforms (e.g. Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, OpenStack, Google Compute).  * PAAS platform and container technology (Mesos, Kubernetes, Docker).  * Good understanding of TCP/IP networking and analysis.  * Strong Linux system-level performance analysis.    About Us  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice, and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 800 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Malmö, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile URL       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Sr. Software Engineer - Backend Services  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA or Mountain View, CA    The Twilio platform enables companies to integrate communications directly into their applications via simple cloud APIs and with on-demand global reach.  Twilio is therefore challenged with abstracting away a world of complexity so that our customers can go global without concern for managing a global communications network, carrier integrations and relationships throughout the world.  About the job:  As a member of our communications teams you will implement real-time voice and messaging services.  To take it to scale, you will be developing a complex distributed platform with points of presence globally and will be concerned with availability, throughput, latency, media fidelity as well as real-time considerations. There will be a significant data component so you will be working with distributed SQL and NoSQL databases and caches.  At the core are cloud technologies that enable deployment and management of computing resources globally.  Responsibilities:   Collaborate with Product Managers, Architects and Engineering leaders to define, architect and build new customer-facing features.  Own, operate, and maintain your team’s services in a distributed production environment. Employ Agile methodologies to continuously deliver value to customers.  Drive quality by writing unit, functional, load and performance tests.  Work closely with DevOps engineers to ensure services are reliable, scalable, manageable and supportable.  Develop diagnostic and troubleshooting tools made available via our developer portal and to our customer support organization.  Excel as an engineer and be a productive member of the team where leadership is a behavioral trait, not a title.  Lead architecture, design and code reviews as well as mentor junior engineers.   Requirements:   5+ years of experience of hands-on experience developing distributed systems based on Java, C++ or .NET technologies.  You are an experienced in at least one web stack and framework.  Hands on experience with cloud technologies such as AWS (Amazon Web Services), OpenStack or Azure.  Hands on experience working with SQL and NoSQL databases and caches.  You have worked in an Agile development environment. You are an expert in practical aspects of running Scrum (or other agile methodologies) within a team and in a distributed cross-team environment.  Ideally, you have experience in a production DevOps environment where you ship rapidly and often.   If you are not experienced in communications, no worries, you will learn.  We are seeking engineers who have solved complex problems at scale and have the aptitude to navigate uncharted waters.  About us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 650 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. #LI-POST         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Which office are you applying for? *     Please select San Francisco  Mountain View  Either    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.       Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       GuidePoint Security Careers        vSOC Engineer  Managed Services San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    Description   vSOC Engineers at GuidePoint Security provide expert security engineering support to the vSOC managed service offerings. vSOC Engineers are responsible for the design, development, implementation, configuration, operation, management, testing, tuning, and optimization of all systems and resources within vSOC. Candidates must display aptitude and ability to manage a multitude of virtual resources in a fast paced environment.   This position is virtual / remote working from a home office unless at a client site. Role and Responsibilities: Design, develop, deploy, manage, and maintain Amazon Web Services systems and solutions Deploy, configure, manage, and maintain Linux systems from a variety of distributions Deploy, setup, configure, manage, and maintain Splunk deployments to include clustering and high availability scenarios Performance monitoring of all deployed systems and solutions Securing all deployed systems and solutions to at least industry best practices Scripting as needed in Python Contribute to the integration of systems using APIs Create REGEX to parse log files as needed Provide functional solutions to complex technical problems Troubleshoot Linux and Windows systems as needed Document network architectures and topologies Interface with customers to resolve issues, provide additional information, and answer questions Keep up-to-date with information security news, techniques, and trends Manage multiple priorities simultaneously while managing expectations and project milestones Achieve expert proficiency with Splunk as an engineer Achieve expert proficiency with Amazon Web Services as an engineer Become proficient with ServiceNow as an engineer Become proficient with third-party threat intelligence tools as required The ideal candidate should be able to multitask and give equal attention to a variety of functions while under pressure Position Requirements: Experience in Information Security (Required) Experience in System Administration (Required) Strong communication skills written and oral (Required) Must be an independent self-starter (Required) Experience with Splunk (or any other SIEM) (Required) Experience with Linux Operating Systems (CentOS, RedHat, Ubuntu) (Required) Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Desired) Experience with Microsoft Azure (Desired) Experience with DevOps software (Ansible, Chef, Puppet, etc) (Desired) Experience with Incident Management (Desired) Experience writing and communicating with customers (Desired) Degree in Information Security or Information Technology (Desired) Previous experience on a Computer Incident Response Team (CIRT), Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT), Computer Security Incident Response Center (CSIRC) or a Security Operations Center (SOC). (Desired) Why GuidePoint? GuidePoint Security is a rapidly growing, profitable, privately-held value added reseller that focuses exclusively on Information Security. Since its inception in 2011, GuidePoint has grown to over 200 employees, established strategic partnerships with leading security vendors, and serves as a trusted advisor to more than 1,000 clients. Firmly-defined core values drive all aspects of the business, which have been paramount to the company’s success and establishment of an enjoyable workplace atmosphere. At GuidePoint, your colleagues are knowledgeable, skilled, and experienced and will seek to collaborate and provide mentorship and guidance at every opportunity. This is a unique and rare opportunity to grow your career along with the one of the fastest growing companies in the nation. Some added perks…. MacBook Air or Pro Healthy mobile phone and home internet allowance 100% employer-paid medical and dental with generous employer family contributions Eligibility for retirement plan after 6 months at open enrollment Equal Opportunity Employer GuidePoint Security, LLC is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite             Skip to main content  Skip to Footer                   Click the menu icon to display the main navigation.      Type anywhere at any time to use our smart search tool.            Search  Type to search           SIGN IN       MENU               STRATEGY  CONSULTING  DIGITAL  TECHNOLOGY  OPERATIONS  INDUSTRIES  TRENDING NOW  CAREERS    About Accenture  Corporate Citizenship  Inclusion and Diversity  Investor Relations  Leadership  Newsroom              Consulting Home   Technology Consulting           Digital Home   Accenture Analytics   Accenture Interactive   Accenture Mobility           Technology Home   Accenture Labs   Application Services   Artificial Intelligence   Cloud       Microsoft   Oracle   SAP   Delivery           Operations Home   As a Service   Business Process Services   Journey to Cloud           Automotive and Industrial   Banking   Capital Markets   Chemicals   Communications and Media   Consumer Goods and Services   Energy   Health   High Tech       Insurance   Life Sciences   Natural Resources   Public Service   Retail   Software and Platforms   Travel   Utilities           Artificial Intelligence   Blockchain   Cloud   Future Workforce   Internet of Things   Security           Careers Home   Accenture Strategy   Accenture Consulting   Accenture Digital   Accenture Technology   Accenture Operations   Accenture Security   Corporate Functions       Culture and values   Training and development   The employee experience   Students and Graduates   Experienced hire   Search and apply   US Workforce Demographics         Scroll  Swipe                        Print                 Job Listing                      ﻿  {"countries":[{"CountryName":"Brazil","Locale":"pt-BR","Language":"pt-BR","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-en","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-zh","Language":"zh-CN","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"France","Locale":"fr-fr","Language":"fr-fr","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Germany","Locale":"de-de","Language":"de","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Italy","Locale":"it-it","Language":"it","SiteCode":"10140"},{"CountryName":"Japan","Locale":"jp-ja","Language":"ja","SiteCode":"10001"},{"CountryName":"Spain","Locale":"es-es","Language":"es","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"United Kingdom","Locale":"gb-en","Language":"en-GB","SiteCode":"10003"},{"CountryName":"USA","Locale":"us-enTaleo","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10003"}]}        Delivery Lead Manager - Liquid Studio    Job Location:  CA - San Francisco    Regional Description:  West    Job Number:  00494213  00494213_en    APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB               -  Job description    Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world.  The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance.  Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  People in our Client Delivery & Operations career track drive delivery and capability excellence through the design, development and/or delivery of a solution, service, capability or offering. They grow into delivery-focused roles, and can progress within their current role, laterally or upward.  Liquid Studios will be located in various cities where Accenture has a high concentration of clients who need software developers they can work with face-to-face, using Agile methods of delivery.  This studio is based in Redwood City, CA ( Silicon Valley area.)    Liquid Studio residents and client guests collaborate on development of “new IT” solutions using liquid software development techniques, beginning with rapid prototyping and construction of business applications, and applying the latest in design thinking and Agile approaches to interactively assemble adaptive applications from modular, proven components. Teams will work in small groups of up to 10 software engineers.    Liquid Studios will also be able to take advantage of global centers of innovation (such as Silicon Valley) to attract talent and creative energy from the ecosystem, creating an osmotic effect for experimentation using new tools and approaches and fostering an environment where new styles of working are combined with real-world challenges of building applications for the digital era.    Liquid Studio teams will also be able to tap into the power of Accenture’s broader ecosystem partnerships, Global Delivery Network and Accenture Digital capabilities. We have more than a decade of experience in Agile and DevOps along with Accenture tools and assets that can be leveraged to enable continuous liquid delivery.    The Delivery Lead Manager, you will be responsible for managing multiple cross-functional development programs while working closely with a team of technical program managers, engineering teams, product management teams, and business teams to lead them towards a launch. The Delivery Lead Manager role involves regular communication with leadership on status, risks, plans, and changes in launch strategy.    Responsibilities include:   Acts as a Delivery Lead on complex projects in parallel with significant scope/systems dependencies, focused on software definition and execution  Assembles the team of User Experience (UX), UI Developer, Backend Developer, and others to execute the software project  Drives the process on complex projects to ensure software is being developed that meets the customer need.  Acts as an established, knowledgeable resource on the traditional and Agile methodology, effectively applies knowledge to projects, and enforces project standards.  Provides coaching for other team members to improve skill sets.  Drives reviews with the team and key stakeholders/users, with an emphasis on reviewing working code  Tracks the exact status of assigned projects at all stages by using tools like Jira, Phabricator  Works with project team to continuously update dates, scope, status, and documentation so that the project and its status are well understood  Demonstrates in-depth knowledge of the systems architecture that impacts assigned projects.  Brings excellent insight into new projects around dependencies / potential issues, influences the design of projects, and rapidly identifies and resolves technical dependencies and risks.  Champions the end-user, and ensures the software meets associated needs  Where business unit funding is needed, manages the process of scoping and budgeting.      +  Basic qualifications    Basic Qualifications:    Minimum 10 years of software industry experience  Minimum 5 years Technical Program Management experience running large worldwide complex programs in a fast-paced environment using traditional and Agile methodologies and delivering highly scalable and robust systems.  Front-end UI and Backend experience including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and any Object-Oriented language like Java  Solid foundation in data modeling, data structures, and algorithms  Excellent problem solving and analytical skills  Experience with relational and NoSQL like MongoDB, Apache CouchDB or Hadoop database systems and external services integrations  Performance optimization experience including browser page rendering and back-end system tuning  Self-motivated, proactive and proven ability to adapt well and work with different teams within organization  Demonstrated ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and evaluate outcomes.  Ability to operate as an individual contributor to get the job done; at the same time, can guide a team toward an objective.  Experience managing technical teams, who can prioritize well, communicate clearly, and influence partner teams and cross-functional teams, such as product management, technical program management, development teams and senior business leaders.  Demonstrated ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and evaluate outcomes.  Able to provide architectural guidance and direction throughout the project lifecycle.  Experience in Agile/Waterfall development methodologies, understanding of software development in large teams, and a track record of shipping software on time preferred  Excellent communication skills both oral and written  Node.js, React or Angular development experience  Strong skills in Object oriented design, core Java, caching solutions, REST/SOAP, Spring  Preferred Qualifications:    Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical discipline  PMP, Prince 2, SAFe, or SCRUM/Agile certified preferred  Hands-on technical expertise with one year prior experience as a software developer  Professional Skills:   Processed focus mindset  Results oriented attitude  Desire to make a difference  Attention to detail and accuracy  Ability to prioritize and coordinate multiple projects simultaneously  Creative, outgoing, and professional demeanor  Proactive team player    Candidates who are currently on assignment as part of the Global Careers program are not eligible for consideration.  Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).  Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  Accenture is a federal contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.  Equal Employment Opportunity.  All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.  Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.        APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB                   Consent and Acknowledgement - Personal Data (by choosing 'I Accept' you agree to all the terms and conditions.)     Select a language:   Chinese  Dutch  English  English (United Kingdom)  French  French (France)  German  Italian  Japanese  Polish  Potuguese (Brazil)  Spanish     Accenture Recruitment and Hiring Privacy Statement    If you use Accenture’s online career resources, we collect personal data that you submit to the website and use it for recruiting-related purposes. We may also use Cookies and other tracking technology and the same technologies we use for Marketing (including Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Databases , Targeted E-mail & Combining and Analyzing Personal Data ) to provide individuals with a personalized online experience, to send relevant information about careers and opportunities at Accenture, and to analyze the effectiveness of our recruitment efforts and resources. More information about how your data will be used by Accenture during the recruitment process can be found below, or at the Careers website.    Introduction / who is collecting your personal data?    When you apply for a job at Accenture, Accenture will collect and use personal data about you during the recruiting and any hiring process. As described in this Privacy Statement, your personal data may be retained and used by Accenture for the purpose of considering your qualifications for employment, as required by law, or as otherwise described below. Please see below for information that Accenture may receive about you from third parties.    “Accenture” means the specific Accenture affiliates, subsidiaries, and contracted service providers who will collect, use, and maintain your personal data in connection with your application for employment, our Recruiting, Talent Management processes, and any hiring process if you are extended an offer of employment. A full list of Accenture entities by country and their contact information appears at the bottom of this Privacy Statement, as well as a list of contracted service providers who perform IT support or background checking services.    What Personal Data will Accenture collect?    The types of information requested from you and the manner in which that information is collected and accessed are determined by the requirements of the country in which the position is located, and not the country in which you reside. While, specific data requirements vary by country and the position being filled, the following categories of data will generally be collected by Accenture:   Data you submit in résumés / CVs, letters, writing samples, or other written materials;  Data generated by interviewers and recruiters, based on their interactions with you or basic Internet searches;  Data provided by third-party placement firms, recruiters, or job-search websites, where applicable;  Recommendations provided on your behalf by others;  Data about your prior employment, education, and where applicable, credit history, criminal records or other data revealed during background screenings;  Data about your health or disability where it is relevant to your ability or availability to work or to a workplace accommodation, subject to legal limits on the timing of collection of such data and other applicable limitations.  Data about race / ethnicity / religion / disability / gender and self-identified LGBT status, for purposes of government reporting where required, as well as to understand the diversity characteristics of the Accenture workforce.   Your submission of personal data constitutes your consent to our use of your data and your verification that it is accurate.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the foregoing and consent to the uses of your information as set out above. You are not required to provide any requested information to Accenture, but failing to do so may result in not being able to continue your candidacy for the job for which you have applied.    You may read this Statement at any time by logging into the system with your user name and password.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that all representations made by you are true and correct to the best of your knowledge and belief, and you have not knowingly omitted any related information of an adverse nature. Providing any inaccurate information may make you ineligible for employment.      What will Accenture do with your personal data?    Accenture will use your personal data to:   Assess your suitability for employment for the role for which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available;  Perform administrative functions (e.g. reimburse you for interview-related expenses);  Perform analysis of our applicant pool in order to better understand who is applying to positions at Accenture and how to attract top talent;  In some cases, record your online interview for review by additional recruiters and hiring managers. In such cases, we will seek your express consent to be recorded;  If you register at the “New? Get Started” section of our page, we will enter you into a database to receive future mailings about Accenture positions and events;  Transfer your contact information (only) to the Accenture Talent Connection—a site that we maintain to notify you about new positions that may be of interest to you. Your contact information will be used by the Accenture Talent Connection to send you one invitation to sign up for future position alerts and invitations to Accenture recruiting events, as well as one follow-up reminder. If you do not respond to these messages your contact information will be retained by the Accenture Talent Connection only for the purpose of ensuring that we do not contact you again. If you join the Accenture Talent Connection you will have future opportunities to opt-out of receiving messages and alerts if you choose. Note that the Accenture Talent Connection is a separate and distinct service from registering at our website under the “New? Get Started” section; and  Perform any legally-required reporting, and respond to legal process.   From what sources will Accenture obtain your personal data?    Accenture may obtain data about you from the following sources:   From you, when you submit resumes or other information online;  From conversations with recruiters and interviews with hiring managers and other Accenture personnel or representatives, some of which may be recorded (with your express knowledge and consent) as well as from Internet searches that these individuals may perform, or data that they may obtain from job search or professional networking websites (e.g. monster.com, LinkedIn, etc.) where you may have made data about yourself publicly available;  From third-party recruiters, staffing companies, or websites where you are introduced to Accenture through one. Accenture does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies, but does sometimes use such agencies subject to a written agreement. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through the Careers website or via email to any Accenture employee) and without a written agreement or otherwise will be deemed to be provided for Accenture’s use, and no fee will be paid should the candidate be hired by Accenture; and  From background checks, as applicable. Where permitted by law, Accenture may contract with a third party to perform a pre-employment background screening. The content of background check information varies by country to comply with local requirements, but may include information gathered from publicly available sources, your former employers or colleagues, schools you have attended, credit reporting agencies, and criminal records databases. These types of information will only be collected with your prior consent, and you will receive more information about the nature of such a background check before it begins. Where required by applicable local law, you may be asked to provide certain background check information, (which may include sensitive data) directly to Accenture.   Who will have access to your personal data? Where are they located?    In general, access to your personal data will be restricted to minimize the number of people in Accenture’s global organization who need it in order evaluate your application for employment, perform functions supporting our Recruiting and Talent Management functions, or to whom we are compelled to provide it by applicable law.    Where your personal data is transferred to a country other than the one in which you reside, be advised that such countries may not have the same legal protections for personal data as your home country. Accenture will, however, follow its internal global privacy policy in such cases.    The following categories of individuals will have access to your personal data:   Recruiters working with the country where the position you are applying for is based. Such individuals may be based in a different country;  Hiring managers and other interviewers. Often these individuals will be based in the country where the position is based, but in some cases they may be located in other countries;  The global Accenture Talent Management and Talent Connection teams, consisting of a limited number of individuals based in several countries;  Individuals performing administrative and IT support functions;  Authorized personnel at our service providers, including:  Oracle, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Acquisition System;  Avature, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Connection;  HireVue, a company that hosts a virtual interview tool used to record interviews where live interviews are not possible.  Companies contracted to perform background screenings, where applicable. These companies may be based in another country, and may obtain data from other countries where you have lived, worked or studied, as may be relevant as part of a background check. You will receive more information about any such check before it begins;    Government officials where legal reporting requirements may exist, or law enforcement agencies or private litigants in response to valid law enforcement process (warrant, subpoena, or court order); and  A successor to Accenture in the event that it sells or divests all or part of its business.   How long will Accenture retain my personal data?    If you are given and accept an offer of employment by Accenture, personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your Accenture personnel records, to be retained throughout and for a period after your employment with Accenture (specific periods vary by country). If Accenture does not employ you, Accenture may nevertheless continue to retain and use personal data collected during the recruitment process in order to consider you for new positions, and, if appropriate, to refer back to an earlier application if you submit a resume or other information to Accenture again in the future, as well as for system administration, to perform research and analysis, and to invite you to join the Accenture Talent Connection.      How Accenture protects your personal data.    Accenture employs organizational, technical, and physical security measures in order to protect your data from loss or misuse. Where we contract with third-party suppliers to provide services that may enable them to access your personal data we require them by contract to have similar security controls in place.      How to obtain a copy of Accenture’s internal Privacy Policy, request access to your personal data or contact us with questions or feedback.    If you have a question, comment, or complaint, wish to obtain a copy of Accenture’s Global Policy 0090—Data Privacy, or wish to access a copy of your personal data or to correct it if you believe it is inaccurate, you may Contact Us by clicking the link. Each Accenture country has established a Data Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with local privacy requirements; you may also use the Contact Us form to contact the Accenture Data Privacy Officer for your country or to obtain more information about how your data will be used in your country.    For job seekers from Malaysia:    The Malaysian Data Protection Act 2010 (“Act”) requires Accenture to provide you this privacy statement in both Bahasa Malaysia and English. For the Bahasa Malaysia version please click here.    For job seekers from other countries:    This privacy statement is also available in the following languages:   Bahasa Malaysia  Brazilian Portuguese  Chinese  Dutch  French (European)  French (Canadian)  German  Italian  Japanese  Spanish  Polish   List of Accenture entities and their contact information:  https://www.accenture.com/us-en/office-directory                               Job Openings in USA Change Location                Latest jobs    SUGGESTED JOBS      Jobs based on searches similar to yours:      Data Visualization Senior Analyst  OH - Columbus      SAP HANA Analytics Consultant - Midwest Region  Multiple Locations        Contracts Specialist - Team Lead  TX - Austin      More Jobs            Go Back     Select Country       Afghanistan    Albania    Algeria    American Samoa    Andorra    Angola    Anguilla    Antarctica    Antigua And Barbuda    Argentina    Armenia    Aruba    Australia    Austria    Azerbaijan    Bahamas    Bahrain    Bangladesh    Barbados    Belarus    Belgium    Belize    Benin    Bermuda    Bhutan    Bolivia    Bosnia And Herzegovina    Botswana    Bouvet Island    Brazil    British Indian Ocean Territory    Brunei Darussalam    Bulgaria    Burkina Faso    Burundi    Cambodia    Cameroon    Canada    Cape Verde    Cayman Islands    Central African Republic    Chad    Chile    China    Christmas Island    Cocos (Keeling) Islands    Colombia    Comoros    Congo    Congo (Rep)    Cook Islands    Costa Rica    Cote D'Ivoire    Croatia    Cuba    Cyprus    Czech Republic    Denmark    Djibouti    Dominica    Dominican Republic    East Timor    Ecuador    Egypt    El Salvador    Equatorial Guinea    Eritrea    Estonia    Ethiopia    Falkland Islands    Faroe Islands    Fiji    Finland    France    France Metropolitan    French Guiana    French Polynesia    French Southern Territories    Gabon    Gambia    Georgia    Germany    Ghana    Gibraltar    Greece    Greenland    Grenada    Guadeloupe    Guam    Guatemala    Guinea    Guinea - Bissau    Guyana    Haiti    Heard And Mc Donald Islands    Honduras    Hong Kong    Hungary    Iceland    India    Indonesia    Iran    Iraq    Ireland    Israel    Italy    Jamaica    Japan    Jordan    Kazakhstan    Kenya    Kiribati    Kuwait    Kyrgyzstan    Lao People's Republic    Latvia    Lebanon    Lesotho    Liberia    Libyan Arab Jamahiriya    Liechtenstein    Lithuania    Luxembourg    Macau    Macedonia    Madagascar    Malawi    Malaysia    Maldives    Mali    Malta    Marshall Islands    Martinique    Mauritania    Mauritius    Mayotte    Mexico    Micronesia    Moldova    Monaco    Mongolia    Montenegro    Montserrat    Morocco    Mozambique    Myanmar    Namibia    Nauru    Nepal    Netherlands    Netherlands Antilles    New Caledonia    New Zealand    Nicaragua    Niger    Nigeria    Niue    Norfolk Island    North Korea (People's Republic Of Korea)    Northern Mariana Islands    Norway    Oman    Other    Pakistan    Palau    Panama    Papua New Guinea    Paraguay    Peru    Philippines    Pitcairn    Poland    Portugal    Puerto Rico    Qatar    Reunion Island    Romania    Russia    Rwanda    Saint Kitts And Nevis    Saint Lucia    Saint Vincent And The Grenadines    Samoa    San Marino    Sao Tome And Principe    Saudi Arabia    Senegal    Serbia    Seychelles    Sierra Leone    Singapore    Slovak Republic    Slovenia    Solomon Islands    Somalia    South Africa    South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands    Spain    South Korea    Sri Lanka    St Helena    St Pierre and Miquelon    Sudan    Suriname    Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands    Swaziland    Sweden    Switzerland    Syrian Arab Republic    Taiwan    Tajikistan    Tanzania    Thailand    Togo    Tokelau    Tonga Islands    Trinidad And Tobago    Tunisia    Turkey    Turkmenistan    Turks And Caicos Islands    Tuvalu    Uganda    Ukraine    United Arab Emirates    United Kingdom    United States Minor Outlying Islands    Uruguay    USA    Uzbekistan    Vanuatu    Vatican City State    Venezuela    Vietnam    Virgin Islands (British)    Virgin Islands (U.S.)    Western Sahara    Yemen    Zaire    Zambia    Zimbabwe      No country selected.    Select City / State       Select a country first.      No city or state selected.    Submit                              Events  Find out more about careers and life at Accenture by attending our virtual or live events. Check out events in your area.  Launch Calendar          Find a job  Start your search here: Enter job title, skill, experience level or city        Find                Stay in touch  Join the Accenture Talent Connection, follow our Careers blog, or sign up for job alerts.   MORE                           Contact Us    Find a Location      Careers    About Accenture    Privacy Policy    Cookie Policy    Terms of Use    Accessibility Statement    Labor Condition Applications    Global Meritocracy    Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local          This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.                Contact Us       Find a Location                   Careers  About Accenture  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Accessibility Statement  Labor Condition Applications  Global Meritocracy  Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local       This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.               This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     ×            Select your location                                                     No results found  We were unable to find a match for "$searchstring." Try searching again by using different or more general keywords and check for spelling errors.                                               Stay In The Know   Receive e-mails from Accenture featuring new content that matches your interests.  Visit the subscription center to make your selections and subscribe to New from Accenture.     SIGN UP                RECOMMENDED CONTENT    FILTER RESULTS       FILTER RESULTS                              Connect with our Talent Community  Personalize your Accenture Career search and receive tailored news, insights and job alerts. Join our Talent Connection to learn more about the challenging and rewarding career opportunities offered by Accenture.   Register      Already applied to a job?  If you have applied for a position in a location other than India, Philippines, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and would like to access your existing job application, please click here .              Sign in with e-mail and password   Validation summary   Invalid username / password       Or sign in with LinkedIn            Sign in with
                        LinkedIn                        There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                 There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                Are you sure you want to disconnect with 
account?   Yes  Cancel                                          Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Linux Admin With AWS    Rose IT Corp. ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 8 hours ago          Apply Now      Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now      Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Linux Admin With AWS    Edit     Skill: Hands-on experience with configuration management tools    Experience with Git   Experience using continuous integration and build tools like Jenkins or Maven  Working ex    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Hands-on experience with configuration management tools    Experience with Git   Experience using continuous integration and build tools like Jenkins or Maven  Working ex          Contract W2            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   we are looking for Linux  With AWS Location: NJ DURATION: 1 year Experience: 3-5 years Responsibilities: •           Design and build high-performing applications and infrastructure that will enable a continuous deployment and delivery pipeline •           Develop reusable, scalable, and testable automation scripts and tools for routine and repetitive tasks •           Conduct performance tuning and capacity planning activities across an entire infrastructure stack •           Troubleshoot and expeditiously resolve escalated software and infrastructure related issues and challenges •           Explore and evaluate new and emerging software tools and technologies •           Advocate DevOps best practices and mentor engineers across the company and within the local community  Basic Qualifications: •           At least 4 years of experience building a multi-tier infrastructure stack designed for a mission critical application •           At least 4 years of hands-on experience managing Linux, bare-metal, and virtual machines •           At least 2 years of experience working in a continuous integration and continous delivery environment •           Hands-on experience with configuration management tools •           Experience with Git •           Experience using continuous integration and build tools like Jenkins or Maven •           Working experience configuring and deploying applications to AWS •           At least 1 year of experience working in a public cloud Email ID:annie@roseitcorp.com       Apply Now    Save this job               Rose IT Corp.,     Dice Id : 90942382    Position Id : 060053      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Devops AWS Engineer   AppsIntegration, Inc.  Pleasanton, CA     REMOTE - DevOps Engineer   Endure Technology Solutions, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Sr. DevOps Engineer   I.T. Solutions, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    DevOps Cloud   DCM Data Systems  San Ramon, CA     Cloud Engineer   Kforce Inc.  San Francisco, CA     AWS Devops Engineer   8K Miles Software Services, Inc.  San Ramon, CA     DevOps Engineer   Agility Software Solutions  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Fusion IT Inc  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Elevano  San Francisco, CA     Cloud Operations DevOps (4 Openings)   APN Software Services, Inc  Redwood City, CA     AWS cloud Engineer   Compunnel Software Group Inc.  San Mateo, CA     Sr Devop Engineer - Cloud   BayOne Solutions  Palo Alto, CA     DevOPs Infrastructure Engineer   Ngusoft Inc  Redwood City, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Linux Admin With AWS  Rose IT Corp. | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Linux Admin With AWS  Rose IT Corp. | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Linux Admin With AWS with Rose IT Corp. through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Linux Admin With AWS  Rose IT Corp.         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site            ﻿                            Search for More Jobs  Forward this job to a friend   Apply by email without Registering  Apply by creating/using  account    Sign in   Language   English   Français  Español            From:      To:     Subject:     Message:                 OK  Cancel                          Email:     Password:     Forgot your password?  Log In             Please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.   Your Email        OK          From      Subject     Resume       Browse       Browse      Browse         Message         OK  Cancel                               Previous    Sr.Devops Engineer      Next       Ref No.:  17-14687   Location:  San Francisco, California  Position Type: Contract  Start Date: 10/10/2017           Disclaimer: This web page contains privileged and confidential information intended only for use by a potential job seeker. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, you are hereby notified that you may not disseminate, copy or take any action based on the contents published here.    Sr. DevOps Engineer SFO, CA/ Pittsburgh, PA  Duration: 12+months  Description: Skills Senior Level 3+ years of relevant experience in those areas of Atlassian Tool Ansible Bamboo...etc.. They prefer Bamboo to Jenkins Even if they don't have Bamboo...please submit with Ansible and Jenkins.        Apply by creating/using  account      Disclaimer: This web page contains privileged and confidential information intended only for use by a potential job seeker. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, you are hereby notified that you may not disseminate, copy or take any action based on the contents published here.           OK            Apply Now  Software Engineer, Backend  at Virta Health  San Francisco    Virta is an online specialty medical clinic that reverses type 2 diabetes safely and sustainably without the risks, costs, or side effects of medications or surgery. Our innovations in nutritional biochemistry, data science and digital tools combined with our clinical  expertise are shifting the diabetes treatment paradigm from management to reversal. Our mission: reverse type 2 diabetes in 100 million people by 2025.  As our first dedicated Backend Engineer you will be responsible for owning the backend architecture of our applications. Our team will look to you to establish best practices, evaluate and integrate backend technologies, and lay the groundwork to enable Virta to scale rapidly and securely.  Requirements:   5+ years of experience shipping backend code in high quality production environments, 2+ years with Python  Experience designing and implementing complex APIs that have scaled to support large numbers of users  Experience with building service-oriented, service-based or microservice architectures  PostgreSQL or other SQL database expertise  Highly knowledgeable and an attention to detail, carefully crafting both tests and code  Loves learning new technologies  Bonus points for:   Familiarity with Docker  DevOps experience    Responsibilities:   Code and ship complex new back end features and API endpoints at high velocity and high quality with well-structured code.  Troubleshoot debug, and fix issues in production and non-production environments  Coach and mentor peer engineers to become great developers and recommend best practices and tools.  Help out with DevOps and IT tasks as necessary in our small startup environment   Within your first 90 days at Virta, we expect you will do the following:   Design, build and ship one or more new back-end services  Teach and inspire other engineering team members through knowledge sharing, pair programming, and/or giving feedback during code reviews  Propose and implement one or more process improvements to make our engineering team even better   Virta’s company values drive our culture, so you’ll do well if:   You put people first and take care of yourself, your peers, and our patients equally  You have a strong sense of ownership and take initiative while empowering others to do the same  You prioritize positive impact over busy work  You have no ego and understand that everyone has something to bring to the table regardless of experience  You appreciate transparency and promote trust and empowerment through open access of information  You are evidence-based and prioritize data and science over seniority or dogma  You take risks and rapidly iterate          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Virta Health are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                    CLOSE    Skip to content  Home  About   About Us  Our Story  Culture  Testimonials  Community Outreach  Awards & Recognition  Internal Opportunities  TekPartners Incentive Program    Leadership Team   Executive Leadership  Corporate Leadership  Field Leadership    Services   Professional Staffing  Managed Services  IT Project Solutions    Search Jobs  Newsroom   The Techie Times Archive    Locations  Contact Us   Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Menu                 Job Detail      Search Jobs Front-End Software Developer Profession: Information Technology Specialty: Software Engineer City: San Francisco State: CA Status: Open Term: Direct Hire Job Id: 55575 Description Title: Front-End Software Developer  Location: San Francisco, CA  Direct Hire/FTE  Salary is based on Experience  Overview:  As a Front-end Software Engineer, you'll be embedded on a development team consisting between 8-30 people where you can work on the next generation of internet software. You'll get to work directly with other Developers, Software Testers, Business Analysts, Product Managers, and Directors, all of whom make up the team. In this highly-collaborative environment, you will have the opportunity to grow as a software engineer, and even help mentor others. Are you ready to get started? Apply Today!  Requirements:     3+ years of experience in web technologies utilizing SOA patterns and REST  5+ years relevant experience with Java/C# programming languages  3+ years of experience developing JavaScript applications (using MEAN tech stack a plus)  2+ years of front-end delivery experience using industry-standard frameworks (Angular, etc.)  Experience developing within Java Spring framework a plus  Experience with microservice architectures, containers, RabbitMQ is a plus  Familiarity with Cloud based Software-as-a-Service applications  Familiarity with DevOps practices  Relevant experience with SQL relational databases  Knowledge of OOP design and patterns  Strong use of source code repositories, like GIT and understanding of GIT workflow  Willingness to learn new technologies  Agile software development experience including test-driven development and extreme programming methodologies.  Agile or Lean experience with Kanban or Scrum Programming methodologies preferred  Self-motivated, positive team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills     Education/Certification/License: A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, IT or related field is a plus  Travel Requirement: Limited travel upon request  This job description has been written to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.   3173669 TekPartners Quick Apply    First Name * Last Name * Email *   Phone * City State State Alabama Arizona Alaska Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip Code Resume Tracking ID Pageview ID Visitor ID Job ID Source Name Profession Specialty Title Download Resume              More Info Contact Corporate Headquarters 5810 Coral Ridge Drive Suite 250 Coral Springs, FL 33076 Phone: 954.656.8600 Fax: 954.282.6070  HQ@tekpartners.com Similar Positions Lead Linux Engineeer in Chicago IL Enterprise Infrastructure Project Manager in Miami FL Systems Engineer in Murfreesboro TN Hot Jobs Java Developer in Charlotte NC VTC Technician in Doral FL Systems Engineering Manager in Detroit MI Job Detail Page                 Email  Phone  Location  Social  Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Copyright © 2012 – 2017 TekPartners                                 Apply Now  Sr. Software Engineer - Identity  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  Tallinn, Estonia    We're looking for a great Sr. Software Engineer to join our Identity and Access Services team and help us transform the internal service architecture at the very heart of Twilio.  About the job:   In this role, you will work on our foundational building blocks, implementing the vision of self-service SOA infrastructure within a company experiencing exponential growth and rapid-fire product rollouts. You will develop a suite of scalable, resilient and very secure services underlying all of our products. You will be implementing globally available, resilient and highly performant services used by millions of people every day. You will make key technical decisions and design choices, as well as writing amazing code, and you’ll provide advice and support to more junior engineers.  We expect and encourage you to learn, grow and take on ever more ambitious challenges as the company and team scales. This role is as technically demanding as it gets; if you’re interested in tackling a real challenge, this is *the* job.  Responsibilities:   Join a small, high-impact, multi-talented engineering team.  Create, maintain, own and operate your team’s services that supporting fundamental capabilities within Twilio’s products.  Tackle some of the most challenging problems you can face developing high availability services in a distributed cloud environment that needs to scale exponentially.  Help evaluate and choose emerging technologies…new service protocols and architectures, self-healing capabilities, globally distributed caching, performance and code quality tooling, etc. Determine the right tool for the right task.  Write high quality, maintainable code with extensive test coverage in a fast-paced startup environment with tight schedules.   Requirements:  The Identity team believes in versatility and complementing proficiencies being key to forming the best team. We are looking for senior-level talent with a variety of skills and specializations. You should have at least 3 of the proficiencies below to be considered for the role:   Java. You are a rock-solid backend Java developer and use it regularly. You know how to apply best practices in Java. This is a key language for the team.  Internet-scale services. You understand scalability challenges and performance of server-side code. You can design and develop horizontally scalable, resilient and high performance REST services.  Databases. You’re comfortable with SQL databases and replication schemes to enable high availability with failover. You have expert level experience with traditional RDBMS databases.  Testing . You are passionate about quality and can engineer it at all stages of software development. You are able to design and develop a quality pipeline requiring as little human intervention as possible.  Agile . You are an expert in practical aspects of running Scrum (or other agile methodologies) within a team and in a distributed cross-team environment. You know how to ship rapidly and frequently.   Bonus points:   Experience working in a DevOps environment.  Experience with AWS, Google Cloud or Azure.  Sound understanding of CI/CD build and deployment toolchains.   About Us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 650 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        LinkedIn Profile       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.       Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No      Application consent for Twilio  By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:  Twilio collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Twilio’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, Twilio may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.  Twilio does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, Twilio has international sites and Twilio uses resources located throughout the world. Twilio may from time to time also use third parties to act on Twilio’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within Twilio group of companies as well as to third parties acting on Twilio’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided Twilio with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.       I Accept               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Software Engineer – Infrastructure San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Plaid’s infrastructure handles millions of requests per day, and we pride ourselves on maintaining a robust API. As an Infrastructure Engineer, you will build and scale the foundations for production engineering, developer operations, and deployments. You will also work hand-in-hand with the product teams to help ship features. You will be responsible for keeping the ship sailing smoothly, and your creations will serve as the bedrock for products serving millions of users. What excites you Working with various engineering teams to achieve common goals Building efficient engineering frameworks and processes for quickly iterating and launching products into production Doing a little bit of everything across our entire stack and across teams to ensure the success of Plaid and our customers What excites us At least 4 years experience in infrastructure engineering or devops Experience with Bash, Ruby and/or PythonExperience managing production environments and databases Ability to juggle day-to-day tasks, long term projects and emergencies Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and constantly evolving environment We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Apply for this job Plaid Home Page Jobs powered by       SQA Solution     Contact   Training  IT Staffing  Testing Services   Home    888 789 1482                       <<< all positions     DevOps/Release Engineer (Full Time, San Francisco, CA)  Description:  Reputable marketing organization is looking for a technical release engineer experienced in building out deployment tools with zero downtime deployment. We are looking for a talented, intelligent, Release and Build Engineer with excellent skills and a desire to learn and grow professionally. This role places a heavy emphasis on both developing complex build/deployment systems and providing support to a large community of developers and testers. The ideal candidate will be someone who’s passionate about developing software the right way and knows how to maximize efficiency within the SDLC through automation.  Responsibilities: - Designs and develops Enterprise level Continuous Integration Environment for Build and Deployment Systems - Leads the effort to improve the existing deployment infrastructure, striving for a goal towards zero downtime deployment - Administers and writes code to support the Release Engineer tool suite capistrano, jenkins, git - Troubleshoots build, packaging, and component management issues, working with the core Engineering team to resolve them - Implement and enforce code review, automated integration checks (smoke tests) and metrics (coverage). - Fully automated deployment to production with ability to deploy multiple times a day    Qualifications:  - Five or more years as a release engineer in a web-based software product development organization. - Strong understanding of linux and git - Automated build platform/continuous integration (Jenkins) - Ability for coding and scripting, with a preference for ruby - A strong understanding of the software development lifecycle and software methodologies: agile processes, analysis and design, development, version control, QA and deployment - Strong organizational skills and the ability to multitask; can set priorities and follow a timeline.   Skills: linux, jenkins, ruby, git, release, devops   Please review all application instructions before applying.  Apply Now                       Min of 7-9 years of experience in DevOps using Chef, Jenkins- CI/CD, Rackspace and Release automation Role : Team Lead in release engineering in continuous integration / delivery environment * Significant technical experience in release automation engineering Continuous Integration, build/deployment automation, automated testing & software development Heavy exp on Jenkins and cloud provisioning Exp on Rackspace and automated configuration management with Chef Experience managing environment where applications are built on hybris with Exp with Java, endeca and apache Experience with monitoring, logging and metrics tools: nagios, Sumo Logic, and New Relic Decision Making and Problem solving: Ability to deep dive into issues and drive root cause analysis to successful conclusion making the product continually better Job Type: Contract Required experience: DevOps using Chef: 7 yearsSenior DevOps Engineer San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job At Parsable, we are on a mission to liberate industrial employees from the drudgery of bad procedures and paper while empowering companies to continuously improve fast than they ever imagined. Parsable combines mobile applications, content management, workflow, and analytics into a mobile "connected worker" platform that turns procedures into live business processes that collect vital insights never before available to companies. With Parsable companies are better places to work with streamlined jobs and safer work environments producing better goods and services at higher margins. Parsable is looking for the second DevOps Engineer to join our team. One day you may be working with our engineers to design a scalable and redundant system for a new software product, while on another you may be writing Python code to automate system recovery. Parsable offers a varied DevOps role working with a small team who get things done without the red tape. If you’re ready to join an ego-free environment and get your hands dirty making a difference, then apply now. Qualifications AWS: EC2, Cloudfront, RDS, S3, Route53, Elasticache, Redshift, Terraform Logging: Splunk Configuration Management: Saltstack Languages: GoLang, Python, Ruby, Java Data Stores: PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch, Redis, Redshift Messaging and Coordination: Kafka, Zookeeper Monitoring: Sensu, Datadog Operating System: Linux (Ubuntu/Debian) Load balancing: HAProxy, ELB CI: Circle-CI, Jenkins Additional Requirements/ Soft Skills Love the latest technologies but know that stability, security and redundancy are important Can scale and support our existing technology stack Have used configuration management systems extensively; We use saltstack Can participate in an on-call rotation Enjoy automating your job by building tooling around our infrastructure (deployment, CI etc.) Have advanced Linux knowledge Can write fast, maintainable Python code Have advanced experience with the AWS stack but racking servers in a datacenter is not outside your comfort zone Have battle tested experience with large deployments of PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch, Redis and Redshift Design robust, scalable and secure systems Have experience with containers in production Can work with other engineers to implement the right platform, tools and monitoring for their software About Parsable If you think a good day's work is leveraging advanced technology to help transform the industrial world for the better every day, then you are on of us. We are having the time of our lives helping companies like Schlumberger, Scientific Drilling, TechnipFMC, Unilever, Zume and other category leaders in consumer packaged good, manufacturing, and energy move from analog to digital. You'll find a team hungry for your great ideas and innovate thinking. When you strap into your seat on the rocket ship, your effort and insight will help us move the needle even faster. We think you'll agree that Parsable is one of the most unique missions you'll find in a high growth Silicon Valley origin, B2B, SaaS company today. Check us out ( www.parsable.com ) then grab your helmet and join us. Apply for this job Parsable Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Demandbase  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    First a little about us - we are a B2B marketing technology company focused on advertising and website personalization. We make it possible for businesses to deliver personalized ads to people at specific companies across the web and tailor the messages on their website to engage and convert these companies to customers. Demandbase is looking for more inspired and driven people to join us in our downtown San Francisco office. With a roster of loyal, blue-chip customers that’s growing every day, we’re in a phase of tremendous growth and building the team that will take us to the next level. As a company, we’re as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class B2B marketing technology, all while enjoying an unparalleled work-life balance. If you enjoy innovating and collaborating with highly intelligent, motivated people who are also pretty fun to hang out with, you’re probably a good fit for us.  Now you. Are you a developer who somehow got interested in deployment and network operations? Are you a sysadmin who loves to script and code? Do continuous integration and deployment weirdly jazz you?  And is networking and security more than just four letter words? If yes, then read on because we're looking for a passionate DevOps expert to help us scale our operations.  We run a variety of applications (Ruby, Python, NodeJS, and Java) and data pipelines across multiple public clouds (AWS and GCP).  Knowing that we use a mix of Chef for configuration management, Rancher for Docker container orchestration, and Hadoop/EMR/Qubole for data pipelines, it’s important that you have extensive experience with AWS and GCP, config management systems, creating and building application and data pipelines, containers (Docker, Kubernetes and Rancher) and know how to code.  Ideally, you must have at least 2-3 years’ experience in a DevOps role - meaning supporting developers by providing appropriate infrastructure for product development, maintaining CI/CD pipelines with Jenkins, maintaining production environments and SLAs, and making everything repeatable with an infrastructure-as-code mentality.  And of course, you must also have extensive experience configuring and maintaining Linux servers while using telemetry to ensure the performance of internal and external-facing production applications that run on them. You should also have the same level of experience configuring and maintaining the networks they run on (with networking and security a big plus).  Finally, it would be great if you also have experience configuring and tuning infrastructure applications such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redis and all things containers.  Sound like you? Then hurry on over and join the team!    About Demandbase:  Demandbase is the leader in Account-Based Marketing (ABM). The company offers the only Artificial Intelligence-enabled, comprehensive ABM platform that spans Advertising, Marketing, Sales and Analytics. Enterprise leaders and high-growth companies such as Accenture, Adobe, DocuSign, GE, Grainger, Salesforce and others use Demandbase to drive their ABM strategy and maximize their marketing performance.  Demandbase was named a Best Place to Work by SF Business times in 2015, 2016, and 2017 and Glassdoor’s Top 10 Best Places to Work in 2016. For more information, please visit https://www.demandbase.com or follow the company on Twitter @Demandbase .  Why join us?    Be part of a rapidly-growing, pre-IPO company  Opportunity to extend our ABM leadership position and fast-track innovation behind AI-powered Account-Based Marketing solutions  Drive the next generation of intelligent CRM technologies and invent how Artificial Intelligence, product design, and applications converge  Work with a world class team of engineers, PMs, data scientists, sales and marketers  Have the flexibility of a start up with the security of a sizable, well-funded organization (we recently closed a $65M round of funding)     Benefits:  Our benefits include 100% paid for Medical, Dental and Vision for you and your entire family, short-term/long-term disability, life insurance, flexible vacation policy, 401k, commuter benefits, free snacks, catered lunch every Friday, Pinot Noir Fridays, chair massages, weekly yoga and much more!           Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                   BetterCompany     All jobs → Junior Software Engineer   Junior Software Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States   Description BetterCompany is looking for a highly motivated software engineer to join our small, scrappy team. At BetterCompany, we're building a product to connect candidates looking for a job with companies looking for candidates. We do this by accessing data sets that tell us about candidates who are currently looking for jobs as well as what attributes our partner companies and their hiring managers are looking for in the candidates they hire. As part of the Engineering team at BetterCompany, you'd be helping us build the UI and API for our customer facing application, the services that process and normalize our data, and much more. This is an opportunity to work with a large and interesting data set using bleeding edge technology while building software that will ultimately help both individuals and companies reach their goals. Requirements  Self-starter with appetite for solving problems in complex systems  2+ years of experience working in software engineering  Proficiency in at least one programming language used for web development (JavaScript, Python, Go, Ruby, etc.)  Proficiency in at least one front-end JavaScript framework (React, Angular, Ember, etc.)  Proficiency in working with databases and writing SQL  Interest in working with our stack (NodeJS, React, Postgres, AWS)  Would feel comfortable and confident building a new full-stack application from scratch  Nice to Haves:  Interest and/or experience in Machine Learning and AI  Interest and/or experience working on devops  Prior experience in the HR and Recruiting space  Benefits BetterCompany's core values center around transparency, honesty, empowering people, being humble, and getting the job done well, without excuses. We’re looking meet individuals who share these values. Beyond compensation, we are happy to provide the following:  A meaningful job that provides you daily confirmation that your skills, talent and experience are making a difference in the world.  Smart, passionate colleagues  A design-minded, empathetic and user-centric team and product process.  A light-filled office space in Downtown SF, within walking distance of BART and Muni  Excellent health and dental benefits  Generous time off and company holiday allowance    Apply for this job             BetterCompany website  Powered by Workable            Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply      Ruby Web Engineer San Francisco, CA or Remote Engineering Full-time Apply for this job We started Poll Everywhere as a Ruby on Rails application and are expanding it into a world of smaller, single-purpose applications. We built our own realtime streaming service that integrates with Rails, firehose.io . This framework ensures fast, responsive presentations for the millions of Poll Everywhere presenters using our software. The problems we're solving are unique, and we're sharing our knowledge with RailsConf talks about realtime web app best practices and how to decouple Rails from specialized front end applications. At Poll Everywhere, we pride ourselves on transparency, and strive to build as much of our software as we can out in the open. Our engineers are passionate about creating reliable software, so water-cooler talk may involve Service Objects or HATEOAS APIs. Want to see how we build software? Check out the Poll Everywhere Playbook . Are we the right match? See if this list resonates with your personal approach to development: You have at least three years practical experience You value self-driven learning, and enjoy receiving feedback to help increase your performance. You write a balanced test suite while you code. Not too much – not too little. You build Ruby web applications in addition to Rails web applications. See our stack here . You like Haml, Sass, and CoffeeScript because they’re faster and prevent careless mistakes from impacting production. You appreciate 12factor.net because you enjoy making the lives of DevOps Engineers easier. You know how to publish RubyGems because they’re an easy way to solve problems in a highly decoupled way. You have deep knowledge of all the components of a web application, from optimizing a MySQL query to configuring HTTP headers in nginx to serving assets more efficiently for our presenters in Qatar . We don’t care about: Every technology you've used since you touched a keyboard, including DOA web services, IPX/SPX, Sonet/ATM networking experience, token ring, Banyan Vines, or LANtastic manager experience and so on. Verbose resumes. We are constantly growing the back end team and are looking for engineers with practical, real-world experience. From an ambitious mid-level developer with three or fours years of experience, to a senior developer with ten years of building web applications, we are looking for high performers who love what they do. Principals only, please. We aren't using contingency staffing agencies at the moment. Poll Everywhere is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Good luck! Apply for this job Poll Everywhere Home Page Jobs powered byOracle Oracle Home Careers Job Search English | Français | 日本語 If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability when applying for open positions please contact us at +1.888.404.2494, Option 3. Oracle’s Affirmative Action Plan is available for review by contacting +1.888.404.2494, Option 3. Need Help? Send an e-mail and include a detailed description of the issue.  Oracle's Pre-employment Screening Process Oracle’s Pay Transparency Policy Go to the main content section. | My Account Options | Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Basic Search | Jobs Matching My Profile | My Submissions | My Job Cart | My Saved Searches | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page    -    Preferred Qualifications   Detailed Description and Job Requirements   Job :  Travel :  Location :  Other Locations :  Schedule :  Job Type :  Organization :  Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile    English | Français | 日本語 If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability when applying for open positions please contact us at +1.888.404.2494, Option 3. Oracle’s Affirmative Action Plan is available for review by contacting +1.888.404.2494, Option 3. Need Help? Send an e-mail and include a detailed description of the issue.  Oracle's Pre-employment Screening Process Oracle’s Pay Transparency Policy .  Subscribe About Oracle Careers Contact Us Site Maps Legal Notices Terms of Use Your Privacy Rights Oracle Mobile  Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Oracle RSS FeedArtificial Intelligence, Software Engineer (Construction Industry) San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job BuildZoom is fixing the trillion-dollar construction industry by providing people with the information they need to make great decisions and tools needed to simplify and de-risk the process from start-to-finish. As a software engineer with BuildZoom, you'll play an incredibly important role by building technology across the full stack to transform an offline process fraught with confusion and complexity into one that is transparent and simple. Our technologies include: Ruby, Rails, Python, AngularJS, SCSS, MySQL, Postgres, Elasticsearch, Redshift, AWS, Linux You’ll Work on front-end, back-end and/or data engineering projects, depending on your interest Build elegant solutions to the workflow challenges associated with home-remodeling projects Brainstorm and implement creative ways to visualize hundreds of millions of complex data points Overcome the challenges associated competing priorities: beautiful aesthetic, UX, page performance and SEO Deploy new features daily and iterate on improvements Receive constructive code reviews Awesome things about this position: As a member of a small team, you get to wear many hats.  In addition to application development, we could use help with everything ranging from devops to machine-learning to map-making. As a core member of a small team, we expect you to understand the business and participate in strategy discussions with the product management team. Your features get used by millions of people.  The feedback loop is short.  You can tell, quantitatively, if your favorite feature is well received. Apply for this job BuildZoom Home Page Jobs powered by        Splunk Careers        Sr. Principal Software Engineer - IoT  Engineering San Francisco,
                            California    Apply     Overview: You have built a SaaS platform… maybe twice over, distilling your knowledge and evolution to current distributed, stream oriented and event driven computing to process both Fast and Big Data. You love metadata, API-first approach and can design elegant interfaces. You know when to use CAP vs. ACID and can mix them together in a polyglot stack. You give same amount of love to nonfunctional requirements like performance, scalability, reliability, security, manageability and serviceability as compared to the core product features. You take pride in your CI/CD pipeline with automated tests and code coverage. You love DevOps and use metrics to instrument production code. You do the heavy lifting, lay down the foundational work and act as a team multiplier. You are a generalist, a quick learner and keep yourself abreast with computing trends. You are pragmatic, get things done and strike the balance between individual and team work. You’re smart but you yearn to discuss your ideas with other smart people, and do even greater things. You’re principled, but fearless and flexible. Requirements: Join a smart, tight-knit incubation and development team focused on Internet Of Things (IoT) Use your creativity and expertise to implement performant, scalable and reliable services Participate constructively in requirements analysis and design discussions Collaborate closely with product management, architects, front-end developers and QA Requirements: 12+ years of relevant industry experience Ability to learn new technologies quickly and understand a wide variety of technical challenges Strong communication skills: verbal, written and whiteboard. Intensive, in-depth experience with at least one big data platform (e.g. Storm, Spark, Flink, Cassandra, Hadoop, Kafka, MongoDB) Deep experience in the JVM ecosystem BS CS/EE or equivalent Additional Skills: Well-read in the relevant distributed systems literature Experience with SaaS principles like multi-tenancy, data partitioning, rate limiting is a huge plus. Basic familiarity with Python and/or C/C++ Experience in one or more functional and/or statically typed and/or dynamic programming languages (Scala, Java, Groovy, Haskell, Erlang, OCaml, Lisp, etc.) is a HUGE plus. What We Offer You: A constant stream of new things for you to learn. We're always expanding into new areas, bringing in open source projects and contributing back, and exploring new technologies. A set of exceptionally talented and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support. A stable, collaborative and supportive work environment. We don't expect people to work 12 hour days. We want you to have a successful time outside of work too. Want to work from home sometimes? No problem. We trust our colleagues to be responsible with their time and dedication, and believe that balance helps cultivate an exceptional environment. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status       Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}           About Splunk   Splunk was founded to pursue a disruptive new vision: make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. Machine data is one of the fastest growing and most complex areas of big data—generated by every component of IT infrastructures, applications, mobile phone location data, website clickstreams, social data, sensors, RFID and much more.  Splunk is focused specifically on the challenges and opportunity of taking massive amounts of machine data, and providing powerful insights from that data. IT insights. Security insights. Business insights. It’s what we call Operational Intelligence.  Since shipping its software in 2006, Splunk now has over 13,000 customers in more than 110 countries around the world. These organizations are using Splunk to harness the power of their machine data to deepen business and customer understanding, mitigate cybersecurity risk, prevent fraud, improve service performance and reduce costs. Innovation is in our DNA – from technology to the way we do business. Splunk is the platform for Operational Intelligence!  Splunk has more than 2,700 global employees, with headquarters in San Francisco, an office in San Jose, CA and regional headquarters in London and Hong Kong.  We’ve built a phenomenal foundation for success with a proven leadership team, highly passionate employees and unique patented software. We invite you to help us continue our drive to define a new industry and become part of an innovative, and disruptive software company.  Benefits & Perks: Wow! This is really cool!  SF Only Medical, full company paid Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Commuter Accounts, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401(k), 3 weeks of PTO, sick leave, stocked micro kitchens in Splunk offices, catered lunches on Mondays, catered breakfast on Fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, BBQ’s, soccer, “Fun Fridays”.  Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  Non SF Medical, full company paid Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Commuter Accounts, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401(k), 3 weeks of PTO and sick leave.  Our work environments vary by location however we believe in hosting amenities and fun activities to fuel our energy.  You may find fully stocked micro kitchens, catered lunches on Mondays and breakfast on Fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, BBQ’s, soccer and “Fun Fridays”.  This isn’t a job – it’s a life changer – are you ready?  Individuals seeking employment at Splunk are considered without regards to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, age, physical or mental disability or medical condition (except where physical fitness is a valid occupational qualification), genetic information, veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. Click here to review the US Department of Labor’s EEO is The Law notice. Please click here to review Splunk’s Affirmative Action Policy Statement.  Splunk does not discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Please click here to review Splunk’s Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. Splunk is also committed to providing access to all individuals who are seeking information from our website. Any individual using assistive technology (such as a screen reader, Braille reader, etc.) who experiences difficulty accessing information on any part of Splunk’s website should send comments to accessiblecareers@splunk.com . Please include the nature of the accessibility problem and your e-mail or contact address. If the accessibility problem involves a particular page, the message should include the URL of that page.  Splunk doesn't accept unsolicited agency resumes and won't pay fees to any third-party agency or firm that doesn't have a signed agreement with Splunk.  To check on your application click here .       Powered by Jobvite                  Grid Dynamics Careers        Java / Oracle ATG Lead Engineer  ATG Development San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    Description   We’re looking for a talented Java developer with expert level knowledge in Oracle ATG, who will help us create a new e-commerce platform for one of the most forward-looking US online retailers. If you are excited about all aspects of modern engineering, from writing a great code to creating architectures, designing components, interacting with clients and delivering working systems to production, you are the kind of person we are looking for. If you enjoy freedom and responsibility, creative thinking, leading and mentoring others, then join our team of world-class developers, QA engineers, architects, and managers. Responsibilities: - Participate in system analysis and architecture-building for the client's systems, which are either built on top of ATG or communicate with it - Be a problem-solving expert - Work in coordination with the distributed development team Requirements: - Strong experience with Oracle ATG - Good knowledge and experience in Java and REST services - Experience in Ant, Maven, version control systems - Responsibility, good attitude and communication skills Would be a plus: - Education in software engineering, computer science or mathematics - Understanding of agile software development methodologies - Software architecture, designing, documenting skills What we offer: Work in the Bay Area with terrific customers on large, innovative projects High-energy atmosphere of a growing and successful company A very attractive compensation package with generous benefits (medical, dental, vision and life), 401K and Section 125 pre-tax offerings (POP and FSA plans) About Us: Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors. We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season. Founded in 2006 and headquartered in San Ramon, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, omnichannel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement.       Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite                          × Close   Full Stack Engineer  San Francisco, United States    Overview Sportradar, the global leader in understanding and leveraging the power of sports data and digital content is seeking a Full Stack Engineer for its Digital Sports group in San Francisco. As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Sportradar in San Francisco, you will build and grow our next generation of user-facing sports products for fans, media, teams, coaches and more. As the official data provider for the NFL, NBA, NFL, NASCAR, Sportradar has exclusive distribution rights to all in game data, this includes both live play-by-play stats and sensor data from chips in every player's shoulder pads for the NFL and optical tracking data for the NBA. Our team is focused on going beyond the raw data to drive insights and engaging experiences in the marketplace. You'll get to work with the latest tools and technologies to drive innovation and bring new product to market. We are looking for someone who is passionate about sports and has a great sense of ownership and pride in the products they build. WHAT YOU'LL DO Work on all aspects of our platform, including UI, core services and data pipelines Collaborate with cross-functional team of product, design and engineering Take ownership in shaping and delivering key features/products Write high-quality frontend/backend code in Javascript (Node.js / React / Angular.js) Build testable code and help increase our coverage and confidence Work in a modern, collaborative development environment (GitHub, PRs) Be or become familiar with full continuous delivery workflow and AWS Work with relational and NoSQL datastores (Postgres) WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR IN YOU 5+ years experience in full stack software engineering Software development experience using Node.js (solid Javascript) Strong relational database experience (SQL, Performance Tuning) Strong fundamentals in software development Web app (SPA) development experience (React) Understanding of application and system architectural patterns Nice to have: AWS/DevOps, Lambdas, Serverless Arch, Angular What you'll get from us Talk sports every day. The opportunity to join an exciting team and make an impact on the product and our customer products. Camaraderie of a talented and passionate team, working hard to deliver innovative products. Competitive salary and benefits. Excellent medical and dental plans. 401K and PTO! About Sportradar Sportradar is the leading provider of sports data and information globally, covering over 350,000 live events across 48 sports. Sportradar has developed the industry's most proficient software, distributing content and data that is easy to consume while setting new standards for speed and accuracy. Turner Media, Twitter and Samsung are among the leading companies in sports and digital media relying on Sportradar for innovative content, comprehensive applications and product development. Exclusive agreements with the NFL, NBA, NHL, International Tennis Federation and NASCAR are among its 65 worldwide league and federation partnerships. The firm's U.S. Advisory Board includes Ted Leonsis, Mark Cuban and Michael Jordan. Sportradar was recently named a finalist by Sports Business Journal in the category of Sports Breakthrough of the Year for its annual Sports Business Awards. Learn more at www.sportradar.com.   Make the team: Join us and shape (y)our future! Apply    Share:                Apply                      Complete your profile      An error occurred.                                                                                                                                                                                                           × Close   Full Stack Engineer  San Francisco, United States    Overview Sportradar, the global leader in understanding and leveraging the power of sports data and digital content is seeking a Full Stack Engineer for its Digital Sports group in San Francisco. As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Sportradar in San Francisco, you will build and grow our next generation of user-facing sports products for fans, media, teams, coaches and more. As the official data provider for the NFL, NBA, NFL, NASCAR, Sportradar has exclusive distribution rights to all in game data, this includes both live play-by-play stats and sensor data from chips in every player's shoulder pads for the NFL and optical tracking data for the NBA. Our team is focused on going beyond the raw data to drive insights and engaging experiences in the marketplace. You'll get to work with the latest tools and technologies to drive innovation and bring new product to market. We are looking for someone who is passionate about sports and has a great sense of ownership and pride in the products they build. WHAT YOU'LL DO Work on all aspects of our platform, including UI, core services and data pipelines Collaborate with cross-functional team of product, design and engineering Take ownership in shaping and delivering key features/products Write high-quality frontend/backend code in Javascript (Node.js / React / Angular.js) Build testable code and help increase our coverage and confidence Work in a modern, collaborative development environment (GitHub, PRs) Be or become familiar with full continuous delivery workflow and AWS Work with relational and NoSQL datastores (Postgres) WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR IN YOU 5+ years experience in full stack software engineering Software development experience using Node.js (solid Javascript) Strong relational database experience (SQL, Performance Tuning) Strong fundamentals in software development Web app (SPA) development experience (React) Understanding of application and system architectural patterns Nice to have: AWS/DevOps, Lambdas, Serverless Arch, Angular What you'll get from us Talk sports every day. The opportunity to join an exciting team and make an impact on the product and our customer products. Camaraderie of a talented and passionate team, working hard to deliver innovative products. Competitive salary and benefits. Excellent medical and dental plans. 401K and PTO! About Sportradar Sportradar is the leading provider of sports data and information globally, covering over 350,000 live events across 48 sports. Sportradar has developed the industry's most proficient software, distributing content and data that is easy to consume while setting new standards for speed and accuracy. Turner Media, Twitter and Samsung are among the leading companies in sports and digital media relying on Sportradar for innovative content, comprehensive applications and product development. Exclusive agreements with the NFL, NBA, NHL, International Tennis Federation and NASCAR are among its 65 worldwide league and federation partnerships. The firm's U.S. Advisory Board includes Ted Leonsis, Mark Cuban and Michael Jordan. Sportradar was recently named a finalist by Sports Business Journal in the category of Sports Breakthrough of the Year for its annual Sports Business Awards. Learn more at www.sportradar.com.   Make the team: Join us and shape (y)our future! Apply    Share:                Apply                      Complete your profile      An error occurred.                                                                                                                                                                                          Explore Amazon Jobs Home Review application status Amazon culture & benefits Locations Teams Job categories Help English Čeština Deutsch English English, British Español (Europeo) Français Italiano 日本語 Polski Português, Brasil 简体中文 Senior Solutions Architect - Healthcare Life Sciences Job ID: 537236 | Amazon Web Services, Inc. Apply now DESCRIPTION Do you like helping customers implement innovative cloud computing solutions and solve technical problems? Would you like to do this using the latest cloud computing technologies? Do you have a knack for helping groups understand application architectures and integration approaches, and the consultative and leadership skills to launch a project on a trajectory to success? Are you familiar with security best practices for applications, servers, and networks? Do you want to be part of the business development team helping to establish Amazon Web Services (AWS) as a leading technology platform? Would you like to be part of a sales group, but have your opinion valued as a technical resource as part of planning and strategies? Amazon Web Services is looking for a highly motivated Solutions Architect to help accelerate our growing business as part of the World Wide Public Sector practice. This is an excellent opportunity to join Amazon’s world class technical teams, working with some of the best and brightest engineers and technical managers while also developing your skills and furthering your career within one of the most innovative and progressive technology companies anywhere. As a Solutions Architect within AWS, you will have the opportunity to help shape and deliver on a strategy to build broad use of Amazon's utility computing web services (e.g., Amazon Lambda, Amazon S3, Amazon EC2, and Amazon CloudFront) directly with our ecosystem of systems integrators, consulting and technology partners. Your broad responsibilities will include: owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects; defining implementation architectures, responding to RFPs, developing a deep expertise in the AWS technologies as well as broad know-how around how applications and services are constructed using the AWS platform; and being a subject matter expert on security as it relates to customer applications and services. As a Solutions Architect on our team, you will provide exceptional technical design and thought leadership while working with a world class sales and business development team. You will lead efforts to capture and share best-practice knowledge with the AWS solution architect community. You will gain the opportunity to learn from, collaborate with, and educate some of the brightest technical minds in the industry today across the breadth of enterprise architecture. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS · Minimum of 10 years enterprise IT application experience that includes at least 2 years of hands-on software development, DevOps engineering, or systems architecture · 5+ years design/implementation/consulting experience with distributed applications · Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineer, Math or related field or equivalend experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS · Intermediate/advanced knowledge of the AWS services, market segments, customer base and industry verticals · Prior experience in a technical role within a sales organization · Understanding of application, server, and network security · Experience working for or working with educational institutions · Experience working for a venture-funded technology startup company · Demonstrated experience leading or developing high quality, enterprise scale software products using a structured system development lifecycle Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. ** For more information on AWS, please visit http://aws.amazon.com ** aws-solarch-na Job details San Francisco Bay Area, CA San Francisco, California Solutions Architects Solutions Architect Share this job Important FAQs for current Government employees Before proceeding, please review the following FAQs https://amazon.jobs/en/faqs#faqs-for-us-government-employees JOIN US ON Find Careers Job Categories Teams Locations Military recruiting Fulfillment center jobs Working At Amazon Culture Benefits Pioneer stories Diversity at Amazon Our leadership principles Help FAQ How to apply Review application status Disability accommodations EU Data policy Give us Feedback Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. Privacy and Data Impressum © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.                                What is Docker?  Product  Get Docker For Desktops  Mac  Windows  For Cloud Providers  AWS  Azure  For Servers  Windows Server  CentOS  Debian  Fedora  Oracle Linux  RHEL  SLES  Ubuntu   Docs  Community   Create Docker ID  Sign In               Create Docker ID  Sign In    Search form   Search          What is Docker?  Product  Get Docker For Desktops  Mac  Windows  For Cloud Providers  AWS  Azure  For Servers  Windows Server  CentOS  Debian  Fedora  Oracle Linux  RHEL  SLES  Ubuntu   Docs  Community           Customer Success  "We are designing and building tools of mass innovation."       Careers  Customer Success  Technical Account Manager, West     Technical Account Manager, West    San Francisco, CA     Apply Now    This is an opportunity to join our rapidly expanding team and to work directly with our most important enterprise customers. As Technical Account Manager you will apply your enterprise architecture and consultative expertise to help ensure our customers successfully adopt the Docker platform and achieve their stated business goals. You will work hand-in-hand with our Sales team, Docker Engineering, Product Management and Support organizations and will serve as an advocate for our customers within Docker.  Key Outcomes of this Roles:   High levels of enterprise customer satisfaction through the delivery of architectural guidance, strategic technical support and customer advocacy   A Typical Day Includes:   Meet virtually or in-person with your customers to discuss the latest release of Docker, best practices in container security, or migration to a new version  Research a customer’s use-case, so that you can translate customer business requirements into technical requirements  Advocate for product enhancements with Engineering & Product Management to solve customer challenges  Present to technical executives and directors on the Docker platform strategy, concepts, and roadmap  Coordinate critical support issues and provide context and continuity across different teams that interface with your customers  Author technical content such as white papers, knowledge base articles, or demos to leverage your field experience across customers and partners   Key Interfaces:   Strategic Enterprise Customers - Architects, Engineers, and Executives  Docker Engineering & Product Management  Docker Technical Support  Docker Service Delivery Partners  Docker Sales & Sales Engineers   Minimum Qualifications:   BSc. degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or equivalent experience  8+ years of consultative customer-facing architecture and pre or post technical -sales experience  Experience in managing customer relationships  Experience with the virtualization and cloud services (VMWare, Azure, AWS, GCP, Digital Ocean etc)  Ability to solve technical problems and translate customer experience to actionable feedback for engineering  Experience in Linux and/or Windows Server administration   Preferred Qualifications:   Experience interfacing with technical support, guiding product management, and project managing customer technology deployments  Understanding of Docker and the container ecosystem  Experience with infrastructure layers such as networking, storage, security, and operating systems  Understanding or experience with DevOps concepts and tools (continuous integration and deployment, configuration management, serverless architecture, etc.)      Docker, Inc. is the company behind the Docker open source platform and is the chief sponsor of the Docker ecosystem. Docker is an open platform for developers and system administrators to build, ship and run distributed applications. With Docker, IT organizations shrink application delivery from months to minutes, frictionlessly move workloads between data centers and the cloud and can achieve up to 20X greater efficiency in their use of computing resources. Inspired by an active community and by transparent, open source innovation, Docker containers have been downloaded more than 6 billion times and Docker is used by millions of developers across thousands of the world’s most innovative organizations, including ADP, GE, the BBC, Goldman Sachs, Groupon, ING, Yelp, and Spotify. Docker’s rapid adoption has catalyzed an active ecosystem, resulting in hundreds of thousands of “Dockerized” applications, hundreds of Docker-related startups and integration partnerships with AWS, Alibaba, Canonical, Google, IBM, Microsoft, and VMware.                           What is Docker  What is a Container  Use Cases  Customers  For Government  For IT Pros  Find a Partner  Become a Partner  About Docker  Management  Press & News  Careers     Product  Pricing  Community Edition  Enterprise Edition  Docker Cloud  Docker Store      Documentation  Blog  RSS Feed  Training  Knowledge Base  Resources     Community  Open Source  Forums  Docker Captains  Scholarships  Community News       Status  Security  Legal  Contact        Copyright © 2017 Docker Inc. All rights reserved.    Twitter  Youtube  Google  Github  Linkedin  Facebook  Reddit  Slideshare                                                                           Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation                Sign In      FAQ      Style Guide    Women    Men        Gift Cards         Get Started  Sign In                          Careers at Stitch Fix  Stitch Fix empowers people to be their best selves—professionally and personally.         We’re a team of bright, kind, goal-oriented individuals who care deeply about achieving great things. We know our individual strengths, but believe that we’re strongest together. Our company is transforming the retail experience as we know it—and we need your big ideas. We just might be the perfect fit.        View All Jobs             Have a question?  Visit our FAQ »   More info         The service   Help Center  Contact Us  Gift Cards  iPhone App  Plus Sizes  Maternity  Petite  Premium Brands  Style Guide    Women    Men        The company   About Us  Press  Influencer Program  Careers  Tech Blog     Have a question?   FAQ  Help Center  Contact Us       Women  Men     Follow us      Facebook      Instagram      Pinterest      Twitter       Women /stitchfix  Men /stitchfixmen    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen    Women /stitchfix  Men /stitch-fix-men    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen             Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Supply Chain Information | Ad Choices   Stitch Fix and Fix are trademarks of Stitch Fix, Inc.          x        Sorry, we're not available right now  Our team will call you back tomorrow morning.  Please tell us your name.   Enter your U.S. phone number.                      Senior Backend engineers Oakland, CA Full Time What we can offer you We are looking for a Senior Developer for the Backend Engineering team to work on project related our data platform and microservices platform. We power the systems behind our top-10 digital properties and world class performance marketing functions. The Backend Engineering team is responsible for initiatives such as search indexes and data systems, data pipelines and processing, and rapid microservices delivery. You’d be working with multiple teams in a culture that values collaborative, pragmatic solutions. What you get to do solve for challenges that involve concurrency and multi-tenancy at a large scale. Work with a technology stack that includes Java, Node.js, Openshift/Docker, AWS, Kafka, Hadoop, Solr and more. Work on large container and cloud migration initiatives. Participate in the architectural strategy, from PoC to proposal to implementation. Implement modern, scalable, business driven capabilities for big data and real time processing. Be recognized as a master of, and internal SME for, specific solutions and technologies. Collaborate with the Front End, BI, Data Sciences team on designing and implementing solutions. Learn and practice DevOps from the development side. Strong Computer Science skills. Must understand the core principles of OO design & development and how to apply them in a highly scaled environment. Must understand the fundamental data types, sorting algorithms and data structures. Solid communication and collaboration skills. Ability to create well structured, properly designed code for simplicity and maintainability. Minimum 4 years’ experience writing and troubleshooting production Java applications. Experience with SQL. Ability to quickly and thoroughly learn and utilize new technologies. Linux knowledge and experience. Job Type: Full-time      Sign in  Candidate registration          Candidate registration        Login  Forgot password        Forgot password       Sign in  Candidate registration                           QUESTIONS?  1-800-667-6389        Contact Us               Login              Products              Products Overview       Pricing         SELL FASTER AND SMARTER       Salesforce Lightning   Help reps sell the way they want, faster.           Learn how         Meet Salesforce Einstein   Introducing artificial intelligence for everyone in your business.           Learn more                                 SALES       Sales Cloud   Sales force automation and CRM        SalesforceIQ   The smart, simple CRM to grow your business        Salesforce Quote-to-Cash   Configure, price, quote (CPQ) and billing automation        Data.com   B2B prospecting and data cleansing        INDUSTRIES       Financial Services Cloud   CRM for banking, insurance, wealth management, and more        Health Cloud   CRM for managing patient relationships        COMMERCE       Commerce Cloud   Digital commerce, point of sale, and order management         SERVICE       Service Cloud   Fully customizable support and help desk        Desk.com   All-in-one customer support for small business        ANALYTICS       Analytics Cloud   Business analytics on any data, any device        Wave Apps   Apps that drive sales insight and customer delight        COMMUNITY       Community Cloud   Connect customers, partners, and employees        Chatter   Enterprise social network         MARKETING       Marketing Cloud   Digital marketing platform        Pardot   B2B marketing automation        Krux   Data management platform        PLATFORM AND APPS       App Cloud   The #1 platform as a service        AppExchange   App, component, and consultant marketplace        Force.com   Lightning apps for everyone        Heroku Enterprise   Scalable apps for developers        INTERNET OF THINGS       IOT Cloud   Platform to connect the internet of things with your CRM                                   Solutions              BY ROLE       Sales       Service       Marketing       IT       BY BUSINESS TYPE       Small Business       Nonprofit       Startups        BY NEED       Lightning       Artificial Intelligence       Mobility       Productivity        BY INDUSTRY       Overview       Industries Overview       Financial Services       Healthcare & Life Sciences       Retail       Manufacturing       Communications       Media       Government       Automotive       Higher Education       Nonprofit                   Services              SERVICES OVERVIEW       Overview       Which services are right for you?       SUCCESS PLANS       What are Success Plans?       Features       Compare Plans        STRATEGIC SERVICES       What are Strategic Services?       Marketing Cloud Services       Advisory Services       Strategic Projects       Experience Design       Innovation & Transformation Center       SALESFORCE UNIVERSITY       Overview       Training by role       Training by cloud       Certifications                   Support              GET SUPPORT       Overview        Get Support        Contact Support        Support Self Service       FIND HELP       Overview        Find Help        Browse Knowledge        Documentation        Training       Trailhead        SUPPORT FROM THE INDUSTRY       Customer Community        Developer Community        Partner Community        AppExchange Marketplace         TOP QUESTIONS       How do I reset my password without the answer to my security question?        Insufficient Privileges Errors        Formula Operators and Functions Overview        Salesforce for Outlook Sync       Troubleshooting Workflow                   Events              EVENTS       Overview       Events Overview       Dreamforce 2016        Developer Events        Webinars       Salesforce LIVE            SALESFORCE LIVE            Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.                           Customers              CUSTOMER STORIES       Small Business       Enterprise            FEATURED STORY            See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.                           About Us              CORPORATE       Our Story       What is Salesforce?       Press       Analyst Reports       Investor Relations       Careers       Trust        Salesforce.org        Equality       Sustainability       Ventures       Leadership       Global Offices       Legal       Public Policy        INSPIRATION       Salesforce LIVE       Salesforce Blog        HIGHLIGHTS       Quarterly Video                      Try for Free          Try for Free                        Login        Products    Products Overview    Pricing    Sales Cloud    SalesforceIQ    Salesforce Quote-to-Cash    Data.com    Financial Services Cloud    Health Cloud    Commerce Cloud    Service Cloud    Desk.com    Analytics Cloud    Wave Apps    Community Cloud    Chatter    Marketing Cloud    Pardot    Krux    App Cloud    AppExchange    Force.com    Heroku Enterprise    IOT Cloud      Solutions    Sales    Service    Marketing    IT    Small Business    Nonprofit    Startups    Lightning    Artificial Intelligence    Mobility    Productivity    Industries Overview    Financial Services    Healthcare & Life Sciences    Retail    Manufacturing    Communications    Media    Government    Automotive    Higher Education      Services    Which services are right for you?    Features    Compare Plans    Marketing Cloud Services    Advisory Services    Strategic Projects    Experience Design    Innovation & Transformation Center    Training by role    Training by cloud    Certifications      Support    Get Support    Contact Support    Support Self Service    Overview    Find Help    Browse Knowledge    Documentation    Training    Trailhead    Customer Community    Developer Community    Partner Community    AppExchange Marketplace      Events    Events Overview    Dreamforce 2016    Developer Events    Webinars    Salesforce LIVE    Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.      Customers    Small Business    Enterprise    See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.      About Us    Our Story    What is Salesforce?    Press    Analyst Reports    Investor Relations    Careers    Trust    Salesforce.org    Equality    Sustainability    Ventures    Leadership    Global Offices    Legal    Public Policy    Salesforce LIVE    Salesforce Blog    Quarterly Video                             Careers     ‹  Back to Careers Home                        What:           Where:               Advanced search       Lead/Principal Software Developer- Super Secure Database        Share              Show me jobs like this one       Category:  Technology - Infrastructure Engineering   Location:  US - California - San Francisco (HQ)   US - Washington - Bellevue   Post Date: 11/10/2017   SF-Y : Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.   Lead/Principal Software Engineer(Super Secure Database Team) Trust is the #1 company value at salesforce. Our Product Security team ensures the security of our products and serves as subject matter experts for our infrastructure and network operations teams in today's rapidly evolving threat landscape. We are a team of developers working in a large scale, multi-tenant environment that includes Databases, Linux OS, AWS and other environments. Your role will be to work side by side with the existing product security team members, together with DevOps and software engineers to develop software to prevent attacks and secure our infrastructure through software. You will also help to ensure that related security policies and procedures are adhered to with the goal of keeping salesforce data secure. We run one of largest database footprints on the planet and you will create new tools, conduct industry-leading research, and solve challenging technical problems on the forefront of database and application security. Responsibilities:  Build software technologies and tooling integrated into our infrastructure fabric to secure backend layers including the database layers. Provide security guidance and oversight to engineering and operational teams by participating in design reviews and participate in threat modeling Develop tools to take 3rd party technology which you would partake in evaluating and rollout at scale. Research new security technologies  Minimum Qualifications:  B.S. / M.S. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related experience. Work experience in Linux-based distributed systems 8-12+ years software development experience, including API design and significant contributions to code running in high availability production environments. Relevant experience in at least 2 of these languages with fluent proficiency: Java, C, or C++  DevOps mindset and strong ownership over owned code (test, monitor, deploy, maintain) Demonstrated understanding of general Unix/Linux systems (e.g., CentOS, RHEL, Solaris, or similar)  Bonus Skills:  Expertise with virtualization and hypervisor security Background with automated configuration management and/or build management tools e.g. Jenkins  Company Overview: Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes's "World's Most Innovative Company" five years in a row and one of Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For" eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y                           Follow us                 Action    Apply   Print  Email a friend          Popular locations: US - California - San Francisco (HQ)  (417) | UK - London  (79) | Ireland - Dublin  (78) | US - Indiana - Indianapolis  (78) | US - New York - New York  (76)  Popular categories: Sales - Account Executive  (366) | Technology - Software Development  (130) | Solution Engineering  (98) | Customer Success – Professional Services  (77) | Technology - Infrastructure Engineering  (68)    Home  About us  Job search  Privacy policy  Security Statement  All Rights Reserved  Mobile version                        CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389         New to Salesforce?         Why Salesforce      Help Desk Software      Marketing Automation Software      Explore all products      What is cloud computing      Customer success      Product pricing      Subscribe to Salesforce         About Salesforce         Our story      Press      Blog       Careers      Trust       Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Investors          Popular Links         New release features      Salesforce1 Mobile App      AppExchange       Dreamforce       CRM software      Salesforce LIVE      Salesforce for startups              CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389                 * From FORTUNE ® Magazine, March 15, 2017 © 2017 Time Inc. FORTUNE and 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks and are used under License. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Salesforce.                      Americas         América Latina (Español)      Brasil (Português)      Canada (English)      Canada (Français)      United States (English)         Europe, Middle East, and Africa         España (Español)      Deutschland (Deutsch)      France (Français)      Italia (Italiano)      Nederland (Nederlands)      Sverige (Svenska)      United Kingdom (English)      All other countries (English)         Asia Pacific         Australia (English)      India (English)      日本 (日本語)      한국 (한국어)      中国 (简体中文)      台灣 (繁體中文)      All other countries (English)             WORLDWIDE          Terms of Service   Privacy   Responsible Disclosure   Trust   Contact      © Copyright 2017 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States                               Apply Now  Lead DevOps Engineer  at Turo  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    We are looking a Lead DevOps engineer to supplement our exceptional product and platform engineering team to help change the way people think about travel. You will sit shoulder-to-shoulder with our engineering team as we ship code daily, A/B test extensively, and migrate from our monolith to the brave new world of microservices. There’s much to do, and you’ll be responsible for making some real cool stuff happen.  With your background in DevOps, you will work with our existing infrastructure and data engineering teams to pioneer the future of operations at Turo. The road ahead includes global expansion, risk mitigation, and continuous deployment at scale. Join us as we help put the world’s 1 billion cars to better use.  What you'll do   Be a self-starter who can quickly develop a clear plan and determine what’s necessary to implement and maintain it  Build and operate an infrastructure to detect issues  Perform deep dives into site reliability issues; partner with development team to roll out fixes  Monitor site stability and performance  Troubleshoot site issues  Recognize areas and processes that would be better served by automation   Your profile   5+ years professional experience  Outstanding written and oral communication skills  Solid understanding of Linux system administration in distributed environments  Solid understanding of automated deployments  Experience in various application scaling methodologies, including (but not limited to) container orchestration, load balancers  Production-level experience with AWS services and APIs, including EC2, VPC, IAM, and RDS  Strong knowledge of Kubernetes and Docker  Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services  Strong experience with SQL and MySQL (Redis is a plus)  Strong knowledge of networking as it relates to systems and security  Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service   Benefits   Competitive salary and meaningful equity  Employer paid medical, dental, and vision insurance  Apple equipment  Four weeks paid time off, 11 paid holidays, generous parental leave  Weekly catered lunch  Stocked kitchen and beverages  Company-sponsored happy hours and team events  Turo travel credit every month     We're an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. When in doubt, please apply!            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    GitHub profile       LinkedIn Profile       Website         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Turo are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                               Twitter logo icon   Careers      Arrow down icon       Locations    Teams    Diversity    University             Sign In               Search icon                Work for Twitter                 Software/Devops Engineer - Engineering Effectiveness (Source)  San Francisco, CA             Who we are   Engineering Effectiveness is made up of about 45 people building tools that let Twitter engineers iterate quickly at scale. This includes all aspects of the Twitter development stack. We’re part of a diverse org led by David Keenan. We have women engineers throughout all aspects and levels of the org (Engineering Managers, Tech Leads & ICs).  Source is currently a team of 6, spread over 3 locations. We’re looking to bring on 2 more preferably in SF, though we’d consider Boulder where 2 of the team are located. We’re responsible for maintaining our Source Control infrastructure and optimizing Git to handle the challenges that arise from running one of the world’s largest mono-repos. @TwitterEng is dependent on our ability to produce fast, resilient source control solutions, so they can focus developing code that gives people across the world a voice and a way to find out #whatshappening.    What You'll Do  Automate server deploys, monitoring, alerting & failover Maintain & improve repo distribution systems for our customers Help improve the resiliency of our git infrastructure Code (we use a mix of Bash, C & Python) Work with customers to identify potential system optimisations Participate in 24/7 on-call support rotation Help create & maintain runbooks Follow software best practices: testing, code reviews, documentation, communication Work with upstream open source communities   Who You Are   We're looking for a devops engineer who has a deep interest in systems, automation, and performance. Someone that wants to help automate and simplify our systems. You like incorporating insights from a broad mix of areas. You're committed to growing your craft and becoming a better engineer. You empathize with your users and want to solve their problems.  We work across different areas. It would be a plus if you had experience in any of them: open source distributed systems developer tools (git, Mercurial, Perforce, Ant, Maven, Gradle, Bazel, Buck, Jenkins, Travis, etc.) unix filesystems and syscalls running production systems and debugging them performance   Requirements  BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent 5+ years professional experience Bash 5+ years professional experience C or Python 3+ years devops/SRE 3+ years using configuration/deploy automation (puppet, chef, ansible) We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.  San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.                      Engineering Hiring Process            Step 1  Once your application is received, a recruiter will reach out pending your qualifications are a match for the role.      Step 2  If your background is a match, you may have 1-2 technical phone interviews or be given the chance to provide a work sample depending on the role.      Step 3  If the phone interviews go well or your work sample is strong, the final step includes interviews with 5-6 people held onsite in our office.                        Application                   Personal Information          First name*   This field is required.          Last name*   This field is required.                Address           City                State     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Alabama  Alaska  Arizona  Arkansas  California  Colorado  Connecticut  Delaware  Florida  Georgia  Hawaii  Idaho  Illinois  Indiana  Iowa  Kansas  Kentucky  Louisiana  Maine  Maryland  Massachusetts  Michigan  Minnesota  Mississippi  Missouri  Montana  Nebraska  Nevada  New Hampshire  New Jersey  New Mexico  New York  North Carolina  North Dakota  Ohio  Oklahoma  Oregon  Pennsylvania  Rhode Island  South Carolina  South Dakota  Tennessee  Texas  Utah  Vermont  Virginia  Washington  West Virginia  Wisconsin  Wyoming  District of Columbia  American Samoa  Guam  Northern Mariana Islands  Puerto Rico  United States Minor Outlying Islands  Virgin Islands, U.S.         Country*     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Afghanistan  Aland Islands  Albania  Algeria  Andorra  Angola  Anguilla  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Argentina  Armenia  Aruba  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belarus  Belgium  Belize  Benin  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia, Plurinational State of  Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Bouvet Island  Brazil  British Indian Ocean Territory  Brunei Darussalam  Bulgaria  Burkina Faso  Burundi  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Cape Verde  Cayman Islands  Central African Republic  Chad  Chile  China  Chinese Taipei  Christmas Island  Cocos (Keeling) Islands  Collectivity of Saint Martin  Colombia  Comoros  Congo, Rebublic of  Congo, Democratic Republic of  Cook Islands  Costa Rica  Cote d'Ivoire  Croatia  Cuba  Curaçao  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Djibouti  Dominica  Dominican Republic  Ecuador  Egypt  El Salvador  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Estonia  Ethiopia  Falkland Islands (Malvinas)  Faroe Islands  Fiji  Finland  France  French Guiana  French Polynesia  French Southern Territories  Gabon  Gambia  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Gibraltar  Greece  Greenland  Grenada  Guadeloupe  Guatemala  Guernsey  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Guyana  Haiti  Heard Island and McDonald Islands  Honduras  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indonesia  Iran, Islamic Republic of  Iraq  Ireland  Isle of Man  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jersey  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Kiribati  Korea, Democratic People's Republic of  Korea, Republic of  Kuwait  Kyrgyzstan  Lao People's Democratic Republic  Latvia  Lebanon  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macao  Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of  Madagascar  Malawi  Malaysia  Maldives  Mali  Malta  Martinique  Mauritania  Mauritius  Mayotte  Mexico  Moldova, Republic of  Monaco  Mongolia  Montenegro  Montserrat  Morocco  Mozambique  Myanmar  Namibia  Nauru  Nepal  Netherlands  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Nicaragua  Niger  Nigeria  Niue  Norfolk Island  Norway  Oman  Pakistan  Palestinian Territory, Occupied  Panama  Papua New Guinea  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Pitcairn  Poland  Portugal  Qatar  Reunion  Romania  Russian Federation  Rwanda  Saint Barthélemy  Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines  Samoa  San Marino  Sao Tome and Principe  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Singapore  Sint Maarten  Slovakia  Slovenia  Solomon Islands  Somalia  South Africa  South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands  South Sudan  Spain  Sri Lanka  Sudan  Suriname  Svalbard and Jan Mayen  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Syrian Arab Republic  Tajikistan  Tanzania, United Republic of  Thailand  Timor-Leste  Togo  Tokelau  Tonga  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Turkmenistan  Turks and Caicos Islands  Tuvalu  Uganda  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States  Uruguay  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Vatican City State  Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of  Viet Nam  Virgin Islands, British  Wallis and Futuna  Western Sahara  Yemen  Zambia  Zimbabwe    This field is required.        Email address*   This field is required.          Zip code         Primary phone*   This field is required.           Resume/Profile*    Upload      Required field. PDFs only; max file size is 1MB.      Cover letter    Upload      Required field. PDFs only; max file size is 1MB.             U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information  (Completion is Voluntary)  At Twitter, we have a bold aspiration to reach every person on the planet. We believe that goal is more attainable with a team that understands and represents different cultures and backgrounds and we are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter.  This is where you come in! Please take a few minutes to provide us with your information. You are not required to provide this information and you may decline to disclose. Your decision to provide information (or not) will not affect your employment or opportunities at Twitter.  Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.         Gender     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Female  Male  Other or Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Race/Ethnicity     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Asian (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Black or African American (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Hispanic or Latinx  Native American or Alaska Native (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Two or More Races / Multiracial  White (Not Hispanic or Latinx)  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Veteran Status     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  I am not a U.S. Veteran  I identify as a U.S. Veteran  Withhold / Decline to Disclose           Gender Identity     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Gender-nonconforming  Neither Gender-nonconforming nor Transgender  Transgender  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Sexual Orientation     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Bisexual  Gay  Heterosexual  Lesbian  Other  Withhold / Decline to Disclose         Veteran Branch of Service     Select    Arrow down icon      Select  Air Force  Army  Coast Guard  Marines  Navy  Other  Withhold / Decline to Disclose                    You can view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster here .   Twitter does not accept any unsolicited resumes from recruiting agencies and will not pay fees associated with any such resumes. Agencies, please do not send resumes to any Twitter location, employee, or email address.  Twitter, Inc. is committed to working with and providing access and reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical or mental disabilities. If you need an accommodation in order to apply for open job opportunities, please submit a description of your accommodation request to RARequest-Recruiting@twitter.com . This email is only for accommodation requests related to the application process.                Success   Thanks for applying!          Error   Submission failed. Please make sure all fields are correctly formatted.     Apply                                  Don't see the right fit?  Check out other opportunities at Twitter.     Explore our teams               Follow us                              Join The Flock     @JoinTheFlock         Twitter logo icon   Follow        Twitter Recruiting: All the deets about who we're hiring, what we're doing and why you should come and work here! #lovewhereyouwork                       TwitterU Recruiting     @TwitterU         Twitter logo icon   Follow        We're your one stop shop for anything University related. That means campus outreach, student advice/tips, & of course, our University Recruiting efforts!                         About    Company    Values    Safety    Blog    Brand Resources    Careers    Investors        Business    About Twitter Ads    Targeting    Analytics    Ads support    Business blog    Advertise        Developers    Documentation    Forums    Communities    Developer blog        Help Center    Using Twitter    My account    Fixing a problem    Policies and reporting    Safety Center        Marketing    Insights    Success Stories    Solutions    Collections    Marketing Blog    Flight School          © 2017 Twitter, Inc.   Cookies  Privacy  Terms and Conditions    Language     English                          Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Razer USA, Ltd.  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    We are looking for an independent, self-starter to drive the direction of our devops infrastructure. You enjoy problem solving and can prioritize based on changing business needs. You understand the difference between the best solution to a problem and the best solution for right now. You enjoy evaluating new (to the organization) technologies so that you can recommend, and concretely defend your recommendations, for when the best strategy is to adopt new technology and when it is to build our own solution. You will have full ownership of DevOps for our new Server Team in San Francisco.  Job Responsibilities   Manage the continuous improvement of automation and tooling.  Own the build and release system.  Build out the monitoring and alerting systems.  Manage AWS infrastructure and resources.  Participate in an on-call rotation.  Enforce best practices.    Qualifications   5+ years in DevOps.  Proficiency with one or more languages, such as Python, Java, C++.  Experience with configuration management tools like Chef, Puppet, or Ansible.  Manage the monitoring environment with a solution such as New Relic, StackDriver, or Nagios.  Strong understanding of pipeline development through Jenkins.  Understanding of code repositories like Gerrit and Git.    Preferred Qualifications   Familiarity with microservices is a huge plus.  Experience with Apache, Nginx, or ELK.  Knowledge of database technologies such as MySQL or Postgres.  Experience with SCM.  Experience with Firewall/security practices.  Managed cloud services like AWS and Heroku.     Razer™ is the world’s leading lifestyle brand for gamers. The triple-headed snake trademark of Razer is one of the most recognized logos in the world, with a fan base that spans every continent. The company has designed and built one of the largest integrated hardware and software platforms for gamers with over 35 million users. Razer is transforming interactive entertainment across multiple platforms, including the PC, console and mobile. Razer’s award-winning products include an array of hardware and software. Among its signature products are high-performance PC and console peripherals, the Razer Blade line of gaming laptops and zGold (a virtual currency and payment engine for gamers). Also… the product you are about to help us build! The company additionally provides audio visual certification and IP development services through its subsidiary THX Ltd.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about this job? *        Do you accept the terms of this Non-Disclosure Agreement? *   I understand that as a result of my entrance onto Razer’s facilities I may be given access to or receive Confidential Information belonging to Razer. By answering yes, I agree to keep all Confidential Information I obtain from Razer confidential as follows:  1. “Confidential Information” includes, but not limited to: (a) trade secrets; (b) financial information; (c) technical information; (d) business information; (e) the terms of any agreement and the discussions, negotiations and proposals related to any agreement; and (f) information acquired during my facilities tour.  2. In consideration of being admitted to Razer's facilities, I agree to hold in the strictest confidence any Confidential Information I obtain. I will not use any Confidential Information other than in direct furtherance of a business or employment relationship with Razer. I understand that the Confidential Information is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, express or implied. This Agreement does not grant any license to the Confidential Information. I will not remove any document, equipment or other materials from the facilities. I will not photograph, copy or otherwise record any information to which I may have access during my visit.  3. This Agreement imposes no obligation on Razer to provide Confidential Information or to proceed with any business or employment opportunity with Visitor. Unless Razer enters into a separate mutual non-disclosure agreement with Visitor, Razer does not wish to receive any confidential information from Visitor and Razer assumes no obligation, either express or implied, for any information disclosed by Visitor.  4. This Agreement shall remain in effect for three (3) years from the date of your application.  5. Visitor acknowledges and agrees that breach of this Agreement will cause Razer irreparable harm in which no adequate legal remedy exists. Therefore, Razer shall be entitled to injunctive relief and/or specific performance in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity.  6. This Agreement is not assignable or transferable by Visitor without the prior written consent of Razer.  7. Except to the extent Visitor and Razer have a separate mutual non-disclosure agreement, this Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between Razer and Visitor.  8. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.    --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Razer USA, Ltd. are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Systems Engineer / DevOps San Francisco Castle Global – Backend Full-time Apply for this job Castle Global is building machine learning enabled technology products in a number of verticals across both consumer and enterprise spaces. Our consumer apps span social discovery, mobile Q&A, and e-commerce, and we've already had over 100M users collectively across our properties. Our enterprise visual intelligence platform Hive powers all of our consumer properties in content recommendation, and we have started productizing and commercializing Hive for external customers. We're working with some of the world's largest technology and content businesses to change the way they analyze unstructured image and video data. We are funded by leading investors like Peter Thiel (Founders Fund), General Catalyst, and Formation8. We have ~100 people globally, based in our San Francisco and Delhi offices. Our unique machine learning needs led us to open our own datacenter in early 2016, with an emphasis on GPU resources. Even with our datacenter, we maintain a hybrid infrastructure into AWS to power some parts of our consumer apps. As we continue to commercialize our machine learning models, we also need to grow our DevOps and Systems team to maintain the reliability of a SaaS offering for our customers. The ideal candidate doesn’t need to be actively managed and take automation seriously. You believe there is no task that can’t be automated or server scale too large. You get satisfaction from allowing developers to deploy their servers without worry of downtime! Responsibilities Create automation tools for creating, provisioning, and deploying servers Build tools to streamline the deployment of releases and hot-fixes Configure and monitor data center infrastructure (load balancer, firewall, switches, instances, etc.) Help automate systems for 24x7 monitoring and failure recovery Bring expertise on troubleshooting application, database, and networking performance and failures Continually identify areas for process improvement in the production environment and develop appropriate resolutions About You You take automation seriously You have fought fires at scale, wrestled with lost instances on AWS, and can troubleshoot awry processes and servers with your eyes closed You have at least 2 years of work experience in a Linux-based DevOps role You have AWS cloud management experience You know at least one language well, and enjoy writing code Extremely proficient with the Unix command line, shell scripting, and configuring systems monitoring tools Knowledge of all things networking: TCP / IP, ICMP, SSH, DNS, HTTP, SSL / TLSKnowledge of storage systems, RAID, distributed file systems, NFS?iSCSI / CIFS You have experience with configuration management, monitoring, and automation tools Working knowledge of firewalls, VPN, routing, switching, load balancing, security, and DNS Ability to compile and install Unix application from source, test, and create package managed versions of such You have a strong desire and ability to learn quickly You are excited about providing services that affect tens of millions of users A degree in computer science, or similar, is an added plus! Thank you for your interest in joining Castle. Apply for this job Jobs powered byDevOps/Site Reliability Engineer Palo Alto or San Francisco, Bay Area, CA, USA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Carta - We are building the central registry of asset ownership. Our team believes that the way in which assets are created, issued and transferred is inherently flawed. We live in a world where individuals can execute public market trades in a fraction of a second, but startups pay tens of thousands of dollars (and spend up to a month) to close a seed round. Carta is on a mission to change this by providing companies of all stages the best software to manage their ownership. We are looking for extraordinary individuals to work alongside our team with experience from top technology companies. You will be building Carta from the ground up and helping build the world's next great financial infrastructure company . Carta is backed by many of the best investors in the world, including Social Capital (Slack, Intercom, Box), Union Square Ventures (Twitter, Twilio & Coinbase), Menlo Ventures (Uber & Warby Parker) and Spark Capital (Oculus VR, Slack and Cruise Automation). At Carta we ship quickly and we ship often and so we must build and maintain tools and resources to enable our engineers to be as effective and innovative as possible. We are looking for engineers to help with building these systems to make our digital systems resilient and secure. Role's responsibilities: Some experience with hosting distributed systems on a cloud provider (AWS, Google Cloud Platform, etc) Some experience with the “infrastructure as code” mindset (using tools like Terraform, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, etc) Experience with a higher level scripting language (Python, Ruby, Javascript, etc)Basic shell script capabilities Some web application development experience Strong communication skills Regularly works in team environments Pluses (Experience with…) Ansible Python with Django AWS Nginx Jenkins Continuous Delivery Apply for this job Carta Home Page Jobs powered by               Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Connect       Job Search  Apply Now       WWW.wipro.com    CONTACT US   Global      Go to Wipro in your region   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India      Americas  Latam  Africa  Europe  India  Asean  ANZ            Careers         Who we are       About Wipro  Benefits of Joining  Leadership Careers  Sales Careers  Technology Careers  Consulting Careers    Corporate Functions Careers   Business Process Services Careers   Digital Careers  Campus      Who we are Wipro offers challenging assignments and a world-class working environment.     Meet our people   Our Culture       Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability      Our Culture We strive to create an open, engaging and employee-friendly workplace.      Campus       Engineering  MBAs  Science Graduates  WASE  WiSTA  GIS  Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global      Campus Discover an exciting world full of opportunities      Work with us       Job Search  Apply Now    GLOBAL   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India       Work with us Discover the opportunity that suits you best.      Staffing Partners       Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process      Staffing Partners We partner with the best, to get the best.      Help center       Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  Fraud Awarness  FAQs       Help center At Wipro we are always there to help you grow, learn and reach your potential.         Global      Go to Wipro in your region   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India                Work with us  Discover the opportunity that suits you best.      Job Search |  Apply Now  |  Africa  |  Americas  |  ANZ  |  Asean  |  Continental Europe  |  LATAM  |  India    Home > Work with us > Job Details         Engineer Microsoft DevOps Apps BUSINESS APPLICATIONS SERVICES San Francisco Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 543064 Back  Share This Job      Related Jobs Solution Architect - .Net Chennai Experience : 8-10 YEARS Job Code : 517663 View Now  Related Jobs Tech Lead .NET Chennai Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 512107 View Now  Related Jobs Tech Lead .NET Chennai Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 512106 View Now    Fill in your details to apply.  Fields marked with * are mandatory    Upload Your Resume     *  (Attach only doc,docx,pdf,html, rtf,txt and size less than 2MB)   Upload Resume     First Name    *     Last Name    *     Email Id    *     Contact Number    *     Experience     Select Years  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  19  20  21  22  23  24  25  26  27  28  29  30  31  32  33  34  35  36  37  38  39  40      Select Months  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11    *     Current Organization    *     Expected Annual Salary (with currency)        Select Currency  AED  Argentine Pesos  AUD  Bahraini Dinar  BEF  Brazilian Real  Burmese Kyat  CANADIAN$  CHF  Chilean Peso  China Yuan Renminbi  COLOMBIAN PESOS  Czech Koruna  Danish Krone  DEM  Dirham  Egyptian Pound  Euro  FIM  French Franc  FRF  GBP  GBP-Pound  Hong Kong Dollar  HUF  IDR  INR  Iranian Riyal  Israeli Shekel  ITL  JPY  KAZAKHSTAN  Kenyan Shilling  Korean Won  KRW  Kuwaiti dinar  KZT  LKR  Malaysia Ringgits  Mauritian Rupee  Mexico Pesos  Newzeland$  Nigerian naira  Norwegian Krone  Omani Rial  PEN  Philippines Currency  - PHP  PKR  PLN  Qatar Riyal  Qatari Riyals  RMB  RON  Russian Ruble  Saudi Arabian Riyal  SEK  SGD  South Africa Rand  Thai Baht  Tunisian Dinar  Turkish Lira  TWD  Ugandan Shillings  Ukrainian Hryvna  USD  VND    *     Notice Period     Select Notice Period  Immediate  15 Days  1 Month  2 Months  3 Months  >3 Months    *     Resident Country     Select Country  Algeria  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belgium  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia  Brazil  Bulgaria  Cameroon  Canada  Cayman Islands  Chad  Chile  China  Colombia  Congo  Costa Rica  Croatia  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Dominican Rep.  Douglas  Egypt  El Salvador  Ethiopia  Europe  Fiji  Finland  France  Gabon  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Guam  Guatemala  Guinea  Honduras  Hong Kong  Hungary  India  Indonesia  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Latvia  Lebanon  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Malta  Mauretania  Mauritius  Mexico  Morocco  Mozambique  Myanmar  Nepal  Netherlands  New Zealand  Nigeria  No Preference  North Korea  Norway  Oman  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Poland  Portugal  Puerto Rico  Qatar  Rumania  Russian Fed.  Rwanda  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Singapore  Slovakia  South Africa  South Korea  Spain  Sri Lanka  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Thailand  Trinidad,Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Uganda  Ukraine  United Kingdom  USA  Utd.Arab.Emir.  Vatican City  Venezuela  Vietnam  Zambia    *       Working In the USA  Are you currently authorized to work for Wipro in the USA?     Yes      No     Do you now, or will you in the future, require sponsorship by Wipro (or any employer) to be authorized to work in the United States?     Yes      No     This position is for a roving employee . The employee must be willing to relocate as business needs demand. Would you be willing to relocate during the course of your employment?     Yes      No       The below fields are not mandatory. You can choose to skip and go to the bottom of the form to directly upload your resume.  Residential Address In USA   Address Line 1         Address Line 2         City         State     Select Location  Abington - Connecticut  Abington - Massachusetts  Abington - Pennsylvania  Accord  Acworth  Adair Village  Addicks Barker  Addison - Alabama  Addison - Illinois  Addison - Maine  Addison - Michigan  Addison - New York  Addison - Texas  Adelaide  Agana  Agana Heights  Agat  Aiken  Ajo  Akiachak  Akron  Alameda  Albany - California  Albany - Georgia  Albany - Illinois  Albany - Indiana  Albany - Kentucky  Albany - Louisiana  Albany - Minnesota  Albany - Missouri  Albany - New York  Albany - Ohio  Albany - Oklahoma  Albany - Oregon  Albany - Texas  Albany - Vermont  Albany - Wisconsin  Albuquerque  Alexandria - Tennessee  Alexandria - Virginia  Algonquin  Aliso Viejo  Allentown  Alma  Alpharetta  Alpine  Alviso  Alviso San Jose  American Canyon  Amherst  Anaheim  Anaheim  Anaheim  Anchorage  Anchorage  Anderson  Andover - Connecticut  Andover - Illinois  Andover - Iowa  Andover - Kansas  Andover - Maine  Andover - Massachusetts  Andover - New Hampshire  Andover - New Jersey  Andover - New York  Andover - Ohio  Andover - South Dakota  Andover - Virginia  Ann Arbor  Annapolis  Anoka  Antioch  Applegate  Appleton - Minnesota  Appleton - Wisconsin  Arcadia  Arden Hills  Argyle  Arlington - Alabama  Arlington - Arizona  Arlington - Colorado  Arlington - Georgia  Arlington - Illinois  Arlington - Indiana  Arlington - Iowa  Arlington - Kansas  Arlington - Kentucky  Arlington - Massachusetts  Arlington - Minnesota  Arlington - Nebraska  Arlington - Ohio  Arlington - Oregon  Arlington - South Dakota  Arlington - Tennessee  Arlington - Texas  Arlington - Vermont  Arlington - Virginia  Arlington - Washington  Arlington - Wisconsin  Arlington Heights  Arvada  Asan  Ashburn - Georgia  Ashburn - Missouri  Ashburn - Virginia  Ashland  Ashley  Athens - Alabama  Athens - Georgia  Athens - Illinois  Athens - Indiana  Athens - Louisiana  Athens - Maine  Athens - Michigan  Athens - New York  Athens - Ohio  Athens - Tennessee  Athens - Texas  Athens - West Virginia  Athens - Wisconsin  Atlanta - Georgia  Atlanta - Idaho  Atlanta - Illinois  Atlanta - Indiana  Atlanta - Kansas  Atlanta - Louisiana  Atlanta - Michigan  Atlanta - Missouri  Atlanta - Nebraska  Atlanta - New York  Atlanta - Texas  Auburn - Alabama  Auburn - Georgia  Auburn - Illinois  Auburn - Indiana  Auburn - Iowa  Auburn - Kansas  Auburn - Kentucky  Auburn - Maine  Auburn - Massachusetts  Auburn - Michigan  Auburn - Nebraska  Auburn - New Hampshire  Auburn - New York  Auburn - Washington  Auburn - West Virginia  Auburn - Wyoming  Auburn Hills  Auburndale  Augusta  Aurora - Colorado  Aurora - Illinois  Aurora - Indiana  Aurora - Iowa  Aurora - Kansas  Aurora - Maine  Aurora - Minnesota  Aurora - Missouri  Aurora - Nebraska  Aurora - New York  Aurora - North Carolina  Aurora - Ohio  Aurora - Oregon  Aurora - South Dakota  Aurora - Utah  Aurora - West Virginia  Austell  Austin - Arkansas  Austin - Colorado  Austin - Indiana  Austin - Kentucky  Austin - Minnesota  Austin - Nevada  Austin - Texas  Avenel  Avon  Avon By The Sea  Avondale  Bakersfield  Ballwin  Baltimore  Bannockburn  Bardstown  Barrigada  Barrington  Bartlett  Basking Ridge  Batesville - Arkansas  Batesville - Indiana  Batesville - Mississippi  Batesville - Texas  Batesville - Virginia  Baton Rouge  Battle Creek  Baudette  Bayonne  Beachwood  Bear  Beaumont  Beaver - Alaska  Beaver - Arkansas  Beaver - Iowa  Beaver - Kansas  Beaver - Kentucky  Beaver - Ohio  Beaver - Oklahoma  Beaver - Oregon  Beaver - Utah  Beaver - Washington  Beaver - West Virginia  Beaverton - Alabama  Beaverton - Michigan  Beaverton - Oregon  Bedford - New Hampshire  Bedford - Texas  Bedminster  Bel Aire  Belle Mead  Belleville - Arkansas  Belleville - Illinois  Belleville - Kansas  Belleville - Michigan  Belleville - New Jersey  Belleville - New York  Belleville - West Virginia  Belleville - Wisconsin  Bellevue - Idaho  Bellevue - Iowa  Bellevue - Kentucky  Bellevue - Michigan  Bellevue - Nebraska  Bellevue - Ohio  Bellevue - Texas  Bellevue - Washington  Bellingham  Belmont  Beltsville  Bend  Bennett Springs  Bensalem  Benton Harbor  Bentonville  Berea  Berkeley Heights  Berlin Township  Bethesda  Bethlehem - Connecticut  Bethlehem - Georgia  Bethlehem - Indiana  Bethlehem - Kentucky  Bethlehem - Maryland  Bethlehem - New Hampshire  Bethlehem - Pennsylvania  Bethlehem - South Dakota  Beverly  Big Rock  Billerica  Binghamton  Birmingham - Alabama  Bismarck  Black Jack  Blacklick  Blaine  Bloomfield  Bloomingdale  Bloomington - California  Bloomington - Idaho  Bloomington - Illinois  Bloomington - Indiana  Bloomington - Maryland  Bloomington - Minnesota  Bloomington - Minnesota  Bloomington - Nebraska  Bloomington - New York  Bloomington - Texas  Bloomington - Wisconsin  Blue Ash  Boca Raton  Bohemia  Boise  Bolingbrook  Bolton  Bonita Springs  Booth  Bosler  Boston - Georgia  Boston - Indiana  Boston - Kentucky  Boston - Massachusetts  Boston - New York  Boston - Virginia  Bothell  Bottineau  Boulder - Colorado  Boulder - Montana  Boulder - Utah  Boulder - Wyoming  Boulevard  Bowling Green  Boxborough  Boynton Beach  Braintree  Brant Rock  Brea  Breckenridge  Bremen  Bremerton  Brenham  Brentwood  Briarwood  Bridgeport  Bridgewater  Brighton  Brisbane - California  Bristol - Connecticut  Brockton - Massachusetts  Brockton - Montana  Broken Arrow  Bronxville  Brookfield  Brooklyn - New York  Brooklyn - Ohio  Brooklyn Center  Brooklyn Park  Broomfield  Brownstown  Buena Park  Buffalo - Illinois  Buffalo - Indiana  Buffalo - Iowa  Buffalo - Kansas  Buffalo - Kentucky  Buffalo - Minnesota  Buffalo - Missouri  Buffalo - Montana  Buffalo - New York  Buffalo - North Dakota  Buffalo - Ohio  Buffalo - Oklahoma  Buffalo - South Carolina  Buffalo - South Dakota  Buffalo - Texas  Buffalo - West Virginia  Buffalo - Wyoming  Buffalo Grove  Buford  Burbank  Burien  Burlington - Colorado  Burlington - Connecticut  Burlington - Illinois  Burlington - Indiana  Burlington - Iowa  Burlington - Kansas  Burlington - Kentucky  Burlington - Maine  Burlington - Massachusetts  Burlington - Michigan  Burlington - New Jersey  Burlington - North Carolina  Burlington - North Dakota  Burlington - Oklahoma  Burlington - Texas  Burlington - Vermont  Burlington - Washington  Burlington - West Virginia  Burlington - Wisconsin  Burlington - Wyoming  Burnsville  Buskirk  Calabasas  Caledonia  California  California - Kentucky  California - Maryland  California - Missouri  California - Missouri  Calvert  Camarillo  Camas  Cambridge  Camden  Canehill  Canonsburg  Canton - Georgia  Canton - Massachusetts  Canton - Michigan  Carle Place  Carlisle - Massachusetts  Carlisle - Pennsylvania  Carlsbad  Carmel - California  Carmel - Indiana  Carmel - Maine  Carmel - New York  Carmichael  Carrington  Carrollton - Georgia  Carrollton - Texas  Carteret  Carver  Cary - Illinois  Cary - Mississippi  Cary - North Carolina  Castroville  Cavalier  Cedar City  Cedar Grove  Cedar Rapids - Iowa  Cedar Rapids - Nebraska  Centennial  Center City  Center Valley  Centerton  Central Islip  Cerritos  Chalan Pago  Chambersburg  Champaign  Chandler - Arizona  Chandler - Indiana  Chandler - Minnesota  Chandler - Oklahoma  Chandler - Texas  Chanhassen  Chantilly  Chapel Hill  Charleston  Charlestown  Charlotte - Arkansas  Charlotte - Iowa  Charlotte - Michigan  Charlotte - North Carolina  Charlotte - Tennessee  Charlotte - Texas  Charlotte - Vermont  Charlottesville  Chattanooga  Chelmsford  Cheshire  Chesterfield - Missouri  Chesterfield - Virginia  Chevy Chase  Chicago  Chino  Christiansted  Chula Vista  Cincinnati - Iowa  Cincinnati - Ohio  Citrus Heights  Clark  Clarksville  Clearwater - Florida  Clearwater - Kansas  Clearwater - Minnesota  Clearwater - Nebraska  Clearwater - South Carolina  Cleveland  Cleveland - Alabama  Cleveland - Arkansas  Cleveland - Georgia  Cleveland - Minnesota  Cleveland - Mississippi  Cleveland - New Mexico  Cleveland - New York  Cleveland - North Carolina  Cleveland - North Dakota  Cleveland - Ohio  Cleveland - Oklahoma  Cleveland - South Carolina  Cleveland - Tennessee  Cleveland - Texas  Cleveland - Utah  Cleveland - Virginia  Cleveland - West Virginia  Cleveland - Wisconsin  Clifton  Clinton Township  Clyde  Coalinga  Cocoa  Collegeville  Colleyville  Collierville  Colmar  Colorado  Colorado Springs  Columbia - Maryland  Columbia Heights  Columbus - Arkansas  Columbus - Georgia  Columbus - Illinois  Columbus - Indiana  Columbus - Kansas  Columbus - Kentucky  Columbus - Michigan  Columbus - Mississippi  Columbus - Montana  Columbus - Nebraska  Columbus - New Jersey  Columbus - New Mexico  Columbus - North Carolina  Columbus - North Dakota  Columbus - Ohio  Columbus - Texas  Columbus - Wisconsin  Commack  Concord  Conshohocken  Conway  Conyers  Cooperstown  Coppell  Coral Gables  Coral Springs  Coralville  Cordova - Alabama  Cordova - Alaska  Cordova - Illinois  Cordova - Maryland  Cordova - Nebraska  Cordova - New Mexico  Cordova - North Carolina  Cordova - South Carolina  Cordova - Tennessee  Corning  Corona  Corvallis - Montana  Corvallis - Oregon  Costa Mesa  Cottage Grove  Cottleville  Covington - Georgia  Covington - Louisiana  Cranbury  Crystal Lake  Culver City  Cumberland  Cumming  Cupertino  Cypress - California  Cypress - Texas  Dacula  Dallas  Dallas - Georgia  Dallas - Iowa  Dallas - North Carolina  Dallas - Oregon  Dallas - South Dakota  Dallas - Texas  Dallas - West Virginia  Dallas - Wisconsin  Danbury - Connecticut  Danbury - Iowa  Danbury - Nebraska  Danbury - New Hampshire  Danbury - North Carolina  Danbury - Texas  Danbury - Wisconsin  Danvers  Dardenne  Davenport  Davidson  Davie  Davison  Dayton - Nevada  Dayton - New Jersey  Dayton City  Daytona Beach  De Pere  Dearborn  Decatur - Georgia  Decatur - Illinois  Dededo  Deer Park  Deerfield - Illinois  Deerfield - Kansas  Deerfield - Massachusetts  Deerfield - Michigan  Deerfield - Missouri  Deerfield - New Hampshire  Deerfield - Ohio  Deerfield - Virginia  Deerfield - Wisconsin  Del Rey Oaks  Delaware  Delray Beach  Denison  Denton  Denver  Denver - Colorado  Denver - Indiana  Denver - Iowa  Denver - Kentucky  Denver - Missouri  Denver - New York  Denver - North Carolina  Denver - Tennessee  Denville  Des Moines  Des Moines - Iowa  Des Moines - New Mexico  Des Plaines  Destin  Detroit - Alabama  Detroit - Illinois  Detroit - Maine  Detroit - Michigan  Detroit - Oregon  Detroit - Texas  Devils Lake  Dickinson  Donelson  Douglasville  Dover - Delaware  Downers Grove  Dublin - California  Dublin - Georgia  Dublin - Indiana  Dublin - Mississippi  Dublin - New Hampshire  Dublin - North Carolina  Dublin - Ohio  Dublin - Texas  Dublin - Virginia  Dubuque  Duluth  Duncan  Dunedin  Dunkirk  Dunwoody  Durham - California  Durham - Connecticut  Durham - Kansas  Durham - Maine  Durham - Missouri  Durham - New Hampshire  Durham - New York  Durham - North Carolina  Durham - Oklahoma  Eagan - Minnesota  Eagan - Tennessee  East Aurora  East Brunswick  East Hanover  East Hartford  East Meadow  East Northport  East Norwalk  East Peoria  East Syracuse  Eastpointe  Eatontown  Eden Prairie  Edgewater  Edina - Minnesota  Edina - Missouri  Edison  Edwardsville  El Paso - Arkansas  El Paso - Illinois  El Paso - Texas  El Segundo  Elizabeth  Elk Grove Village  Elkhart  Ellendale  Ellenwood  Elmwood Park  Elyria  Emeryville  Empire State  Encino  Endicott  Englewood - Colorado  Englewood - Florida  Englewood - Kansas  Englewood - New Jersey  Englewood - Ohio  Englewood - Tennessee  Englewood Cliffs  Enumclaw  Erie  Erlanger  Escanaba  Escondido  Eugene - Missouri  Eugene - Oregon  Euless  Evansville - Arkansas  Evansville - Illinois  Evansville - Indiana  Evansville - Minnesota  Evansville - Wisconsin  Evansville - Wyoming  Everett - Massachusetts  Everett - Washington  Evergreen  Fair Oaks  Fairbanks  Fairfax  Falls Church  Falmouth  Fargo - Georgia  Fargo - North Dakota  Fargo - Oklahoma  Fargo - Washington  Farmers Branch  Farmington - Arkansas  Farmington - Connecticut  Farmington - Delaware  Farmington - Georgia  Farmington - Illinois  Farmington - Iowa  Farmington - Kentucky  Farmington - Maine  Farmington - Michigan  Farmington - Minnesota  Farmington - Missouri  Farmington - New Hampshire  Farmington - New Mexico  Farmington - New York  Farmington - Utah  Farmington - Washington  Farmington - West Virginia  Farmington Hills  Federal Way  Federal Way  Fertility  Findlay  Fishers  Fishkill  Flanders  Flemington  Flint - Michigan  Flint - Texas  Floral Park  Florence  Florham Park  Flower Mound  Folsom - California  Folsom - Louisiana  Folsom - New Mexico  Folsom - West Virginia  Foothill Ranch  Ford  Fords  Forest  Forest Park  Fort Collins  Fort Lauderdale  Fort Mill  Fort Myers  Fort Wayne  Fort Worth  Foster City  Fountain Hills  Fountain Valley  Fox Lake  Foxboro  Framingham  Franklin - Alabama  Franklin - Arkansas  Franklin - Georgia  Franklin - Idaho  Franklin - Illinois  Franklin - Indiana  Franklin - Kansas  Franklin - Kentucky  Franklin - Louisiana  Franklin - Maine  Franklin - Massachusetts  Franklin - Michigan  Franklin - Minnesota  Franklin - Missouri  Franklin - Nebraska  Franklin - New Hampshire  Franklin - New Jersey  Franklin - New York  Franklin - North Carolina  Franklin - Ohio  Franklin - Tennessee  Franklin - Texas  Franklin - Vermont  Franklin - Virginia  Franklin - West Virginia  Franklin - Wisconsin  Franklin Lakes  Franklin Park - Illinois  Franklin Park - New Jersey  Frederick  Fredericktown  Frederiksted  Freehold - New Jersey  Freehold - New York  Fremont - California  Fremont - Michigan  Fridley  Friendswood  Frisco  Fullerton  Gainesville - Georgia  Gainesville - Texas  Gaithersburg  Garden City - Alabama  Garden City - Iowa  Garden City - Kansas  Garden City - Louisiana  Garden City - Michigan  Garden City - Minnesota  Garden City - Missouri  Garden City - New York  Garden City - South Dakota  Garden City - Texas  Garden City - Utah  Gardner  Garland  Garyville  Gastonia  Georgia  Germantown - Illinois  Germantown - Kentucky  Germantown - Maryland  Germantown - New York  Germantown - Wisconsin  Gig Harbor  Gilroy  Glen Allen - Alabama  Glen Allen - Virginia  Glen Ellyn  Glen Mills  Glenarden  Glencoe  Glendale  Gloucester - Massachusetts  Glyndon  Gonzales  Goodyear  Grafton - Massachusetts  Grafton - North Dakota  Grand Blanc  Grand Forks  Grand Island  Grand Prairie  Grand Rapids - Michigan  Grand Rapids - Minnesota  Grapevine  Gravette  Grayslake  Green Bay  Green Village  Greencastle  Greensboro - Alabama  Greensboro - Florida  Greensboro - Georgia  Greensboro - Indiana  Greensboro - Maryland  Greensboro - North Carolina  Greensboro - Vermont  Greenville - Alabama  Greenville - Florida  Greenville - Georgia  Greenville - Illinois  Greenville - Indiana  Greenville - Iowa  Greenville - Kentucky  Greenville - Maine  Greenville - Michigan  Greenville - Mississippi  Greenville - Missouri  Greenville - New Hampshire  Greenville - New York  Greenville - North Carolina  Greenville - Rhode Island  Greenville - South Carolina  Greenville - Texas  Greenville - Utah  Greenville - Virginia  Greenville - West Virginia  Greenville - Wisconsin  Greenwich  Greer  Grosse Pointe  Groton  Gurnee  Hackensack  Hagerstown  Half Moon Bay  Hamden  Hammond  Hampton  Hanover  Hanover - Massachusetts  Hanover - Minnesota  Hardy  Harmon  Harrisburg  Harrison  Harrisonville  Hartford - Alabama  Hartford - Arkansas  Hartford - California  Hartford - Connecticut  Hartford - Illinois  Hartford - Iowa  Hartford - Kansas  Hartford - Kentucky  Hartford - Michigan  Hartford - New York  Hartford - South Dakota  Hartford - Tennessee  Hartford - Vermont  Hartford - West Virginia  Hartford - Wisconsin  Hartselle  Harvey  Hauppauge  Hawarden  Hazelwood - Missouri  Hazelwood - North Carolina  Hebron  Helena  Henderson  Hendersonville  Hermitage  Herndon - Kansas  Herndon - Kentucky  Herndon - Virginia  Herndon - West Virginia  Hettinger  Hialeah  Hickory  Hickory Grove  Hicksville  Highland - Indiana  Highland - Michigan  Highland Heights  Highland Park  Highland Village  Hightstown  Hillsboro - Alabama  Hillsboro - Georgia  Hillsboro - Illinois  Hillsboro - Indiana  Hillsboro - Iowa  Hillsboro - Kansas  Hillsboro - Kentucky  Hillsboro - Maryland  Hillsboro - Mississippi  Hillsboro - Missouri  Hillsboro - New Hampshire  Hillsboro - New Mexico  Hillsboro - North Dakota  Hillsboro - Oregon  Hillsboro - Tennessee  Hillsboro - Texas  Hillsboro - West Virginia  Hillsboro - Wisconsin  Hillside  Hilmar  Hingham  Hinsdale  Hiram  Hobe Sound  Hoboken - Georgia  Hoboken - New Jersey  Hoffman Estates  Holland - Indiana  Holland - Iowa  Holland - Kentucky  Holland - Massachusetts  Holland - Michigan  Holland - Minnesota  Holland - Missouri  Holland - New York  Holland - Texas  Holly  Holly Springs  Hollywood  Holmdel  Honea Path  Honeoye Falls  Hoover  Hopkins  Hopkinton - Iowa  Hopkinton - Massachusetts  Hopkinton - Rhode Island  Horsham  Houston  Houston - Alabama  Houston - Alaska  Houston - Arkansas  Houston - Delaware  Houston - Minnesota  Houston - Mississippi  Houston - Missouri  Houston - Texas  Houston - Texas  Hudson  Hughesville - Maryland  Hughesville - Missouri  Huntsville - Alabama  Huntsville - Arkansas  Huntsville - Illinois  Huntsville - Kentucky  Huntsville - Missouri  Huntsville - Tennessee  Huntsville - Texas  Huntsville - Utah  Hyattsville  Inarajan  Incline Village  Indianapolis  Indianola  Iowa City  Irvine - California  Irvine - Kentucky  Irving - Illinois  Irving - New York  Irving - Texas  Iselin  Islandia  Issaquah  Itasca  Jackson  Jacksonville - Alabama  Jacksonville - Arkansas  Jacksonville - Florida  Jacksonville - Georgia  Jacksonville - Illinois  Jacksonville - Missouri  Jacksonville - New York  Jacksonville - North Carolina  Jacksonville - Oregon  Jacksonville - Texas  Jacksonville - Vermont  Jacksonville Beach  Jamestown - North Dakota  Jamestown - Rhode Island  Jefferson City  Jenkinsburg  Jersey City - New Jersey  Jersey City - New York  Johns Creek  Jonesboro  Juno Beach  Jupiter  Kalamazoo  Kansas City - Kansas  Kansas City - Missouri  Katy  Kearney  Keene - California  Keene - Kentucky  Keene - New Hampshire  Keene - New York  Keene - North Dakota  Keene - Texas  Keene - Virginia  Keller  Kendall Park  Kennesaw  Kenosha  Kent  Kenton  Kentucky  Killen  King  King Of Prussia  Kings Mountain  Kingshill  Kinston  Kirkland - Arizona  Kirkland - Illinois  Kirkland - Texas  Kirkland - Washington  Knightdale  La Palma  La Porte  La Vergne  Lafayette  Lagrange  Laguna Hills  Laguna Niguel  Lake Forest - California  Lake Forest - Illinois  Lake Hiawatha  Lake Orion  Lake Saint Louis  Lakeland  Lakewood  Lakewood Village  Lakota  Lamoure  Lancaster - California  Lancaster - Illinois  Lancaster - Kansas  Lancaster - Kentucky  Lancaster - Massachusetts  Lancaster - Minnesota  Lancaster - Missouri  Lancaster - New Hampshire  Lancaster - New York  Lancaster - Pennsylvania  Lancaster - South Carolina  Lancaster - Tennessee  Lancaster - Texas  Lancaster - Virginia  Lancaster - Wisconsin  Land O Lakes  Langdon  Lansdale  Laramie  Larchmont  Las Vegas - Nevada  Las Vegas - New Mexico  Latham  Laurel  Lavon  Lawrence  Lawrenceburg  Lawrenceville  League City  Leawood  Lebanon  Lehigh Valley  Lemon Grove  Lenexa  Leonia  Lewis Center  Lewisville  Lexington - Alabama  Lexington - Georgia  Lexington - Illinois  Lexington - Indiana  Lexington - Kentucky  Lexington - Massachusetts  Lexington - Michigan  Lexington - Mississippi  Lexington - Missouri  Lexington - Nebraska  Lexington - New York  Lexington - North Carolina  Lexington - Oklahoma  Lexington - Oregon  Lexington - South Carolina  Lexington - Tennessee  Lexington - Texas  Lexington - Virginia  Libertyville - Illinois  Libertyville - Iowa  Lilburn  Lincoln - Nebraska  Lincoln - Rhode Island  Lincolnshire  Lincroft  Linden - Alabama  Linden - Indiana  Linden - Iowa  Linden - Michigan  Linden - New Jersey  Linden - North Carolina  Linden - Tennessee  Linden - Texas  Linden - Virginia  Linden - West Virginia  Linden - Wisconsin  Lineville  Linton  Lisbon - North Dakota  Lisle  Lithonia  Little Canada  Little Falls  Little Rock - Arkansas  Little Rock - Iowa  Little Rock - Mississippi  Little Rock - South Carolina  Littlestown  Littleton  Liverpool - New York  Livingston  Lodi  Lombard  London - Kentucky  Lone Tree  Long Beach  Long Grove  Long Island City  Long View  Longmont  Longview - Illinois  Longview - Texas  Longview - Washington  Longwood  Los Altos Hills  Los Angeles  Los Banos  Los Gatos  Louisville - Alabama  Louisville - Alabama  Louisville - Colorado  Louisville - Georgia  Louisville - Illinois  Louisville - Kansas  Louisville - Kentucky  Louisville - Mississippi  Louisville - Nebraska  Louisville - Tennessee  Lowell - Arkansas  Lowell - Florida  Lowell - Indiana  Lowell - Massachusetts  Lowell - Michigan  Lowell - North Carolina  Lowell - Oregon  Lowell - Vermont  Lowell - Wisconsin  Lynchburg  Lyndhurst - New Jersey  Lyndhurst - Virginia  Lynnwood  Mableton  Madison - Alabama  Madison - Arkansas  Madison - Connecticut  Madison - Florida  Madison - Georgia  Madison - Illinois  Madison - Indiana  Madison - Kansas  Madison - Maine  Madison - Maryland  Madison - Minnesota  Madison - Mississippi  Madison - Missouri  Madison - Nebraska  Madison - New Hampshire  Madison - New Jersey  Madison - New York  Madison - North Carolina  Madison - South Dakota  Madison - Tennessee  Madison - Virginia  Madison - West Virginia  Madison - Wisconsin  Mahwah  Malden  Malvern  Mancelona  Manchester - Connecticut  Manchester - Massachusetts  Mandan  Mangilao  Manhattan  Manhattan Beach  Mansfield - Arkansas  Mansfield - Georgia  Mansfield - Illinois  Mansfield - Louisiana  Mansfield - Massachusetts  Mansfield - Missouri  Mansfield - Ohio  Mansfield - South Dakota  Mansfield - Tennessee  Mansfield - Texas  Mansfield - Washington  Maple Grove  Mapleton - Illinois  Mapleton - Iowa  Mapleton - Kansas  Mapleton - Maine  Mapleton - Minnesota  Mapleton - North Dakota  Mapleton - Oregon  Mapleton - Utah  Marietta  Marinette  Marlborough - Connecticut  Marlborough - Massachusetts  Marlborough - New Hampshire  Marshall  Marshall Town  Martin  Maryland Heights  Marysville - California  Marysville - Indiana  Marysville - Kansas  Marysville - Michigan  Marysville - Montana  Marysville - Ohio  Marysville - Washington  Mason - Illinois  Mason - Kentucky  Mason - Michigan  Mason - Ohio  Mason - Tennessee  Mason - Texas  Mason - West Virginia  Mason - Wisconsin  Matthews  Maumee  Mayfield  Mayfield Height  Mc Cordsville  Mc Kinney  Mc Lean - Illinois  Mc Lean - New York  Mc Lean - Virginia  Mcpherson  Meadows Place  Melville - Louisiana  Melville - Montana  Melville - New York  Memphis - Indiana  Memphis - Michigan  Memphis - Missouri  Memphis - Nebraska  Memphis - New York  Memphis - Tennessee  Memphis - Texas  Mendham  Menomonee Falls  Mercer Island  Meriden  Meridian  Merizo  Mesa  Mesquite  Miami - Arizona  Miami - Florida  Miami - Indiana  Miami - Missouri  Miami - New Mexico  Miami - Oklahoma  Miami - Texas  Miami - West Virginia  Middleton  Middletown - California  Middletown - Connecticut  Middletown - Delaware  Middletown - Illinois  Middletown - Indiana  Middletown - Iowa  Middletown - Maryland  Middletown - Missouri  Middletown - New Jersey  Middletown - New York  Middletown - New York  Middletown - Rhode Island  Middletown - Virginia  Midland - Georgia  Midland - Indiana  Midland - Maryland  Midland - Michigan  Midland - North Carolina  Midland - Texas  Midland - Virginia  Midlothian  Milford - Connecticut  Milford - Michigan  Milford Center  Millbrae  Milpitas  Milton  Milwaukee - North Carolina  Milwaukee - Wisconsin  Mineral - California  Mineral - Illinois  Mineral - Texas  Mineral - Virginia  Mineral - Washington  Minneapolis - Kansas  Minneapolis - Minnesota  Minneapolis - North Carolina  Minnetonka  Minot  Miramar  Missouri City  Mobile  Mohall  Monee  Mongmong  Monmouth  Monmouth Junction  Monroe  Monroeville  Monrovia - California  Monrovia - Indiana  Monrovia - Maryland  Monterey  Monterey Park  Montvale  Montville  Moon Township  Moorestown  Mooresville  Morgan Hill  Morgantown  Morganville  Morris Plains  Morristown - Arizona  Morristown - Indiana  Morristown - Minnesota  Morristown - New Jersey  Morristown - New York  Morristown - South Dakota  Morristown - Tennessee  Morrisville - Missouri  Morrisville - New York  Morrisville - North Carolina  Morrisville - Vermont  Morton  Mossville  Mound  Mounds View  Mount Ida  Mount Laurel  Mount Sterling  Mount Vernon  Mountain View - Arkansas  Mountain View - California  Mountain View - Hawaii  Mountain View - Missouri  Mountain View - Oklahoma  Mountain View - Wyoming  Mountlake Terrace  Mukilteo  Mundelein  Murfreesboro  Murray Hill  Murrysville  Muscatine  Muscoda  Nanuet  Napa  Naperville  Nashua - Iowa  Nashua - Minnesota  Nashua - Montana  Nashua - New Hampshire  Nashville - Arkansas  Nashville - Georgia  Nashville - Illinois  Nashville - Indiana  Nashville - Kansas  Nashville - Michigan  Nashville - North Carolina  Nashville - Tennessee  Natick  Nebraska City  Needham - Alabama  Needham - Indiana  Needham - Massachusetts  Needham Heights  Netcong  New Albany  New Berlin  New Bern  New Britain  New Brunswick  New Castle  New Century  New Fairfield  New Haven  New Jersey  New Jersey  New Milford  New Munster  New Orleans  New Orleans  New Port Richey  New Providence  New York  New York City - New Jersey  New York City - New York  Newark - Arkansas  Newark - Delaware  Newark - Illinois  Newark - Maryland  Newark - Missouri  Newark - New Jersey  Newark - New York  Newark - Texas  Newbury Park  Newnan  Newport - Arkansas  Newport - Indiana  Newport - Kentucky  Newport - Maine  Newport - Michigan  Newport - Minnesota  Newport - Nebraska  Newport - New Hampshire  Newport - New Jersey  Newport - New York  Newport - North Carolina  Newport - Oregon  Newport - Rhode Island  Newport - Tennessee  Newport - Vermont  Newport - Virginia  Newport - Washington  Newport Beach  Newton  Nicholasville  Niwot  Nolensville  Norcross  Norman  Norristown  North Andover  North Arlington  North Brunswick  North Canton - Connecticut  North Canton - Ohio  North Dakota  North Las Vegas  North Palm Beach  North Providence  North Quincy  North Richland Hills  Northborough  Northbrook  Northridge  Northvale  Norwalk  Norwich - Connecticut  Norwood - Colorado  Norwood - Georgia  Norwood - Louisiana  Norwood - Massachusetts  Norwood - Minnesota  Norwood - Missouri  Norwood - New Jersey  Norwood - New York  Norwood - North Carolina  Norwood - Virginia  Novi  O Fallon  O Fallon  O Fallon - Illinois  O Fallon - Missouri  Oak Brook  Oak Creek  Oak Park  Oak Ridge  Oakbrook Terrace  Oakes  Oakland - Arkansas  Oakland - California  Oakland - Florida  Oakland - Illinois  Oakland - Iowa  Oakland - Kentucky  Oakland - Maine  Oakland - Maryland  Oakland - Michigan  Oakland - Minnesota  Oakland - Mississippi  Oakland - Nebraska  Oakland - New Jersey  Oakland - Oregon  Oakland - Rhode Island  Oakland - Tennessee  Oakland - Texas  Ocala  Oceanside  Odessa  Okay  Okemos  Oklahoma City  Old Bridge  Old Greenwich  Old Westbury  Olympia  Omaha  Omaha - Georgia  Omaha - Illinois  Omaha - Nebraska  Omaha - Texas  Orange - California  Orange - Connecticut  Orange - New Jersey  Orchard Park  Orem  Oriskany  Orland Park  Orlando - Florida  Orlando - Kentucky  Orlando - Oklahoma  Orlando - West Virginia  Oshkosh  Ossining  Overland Park  Oxnard  Pacific  Pago Pago  Painted Post  Palatine  Palm Beach Gard  Palm Harbor  Palmyra - Illinois  Palmyra - Indiana  Palmyra - Maine  Palmyra - Michigan  Palmyra - Missouri  Palmyra - Nebraska  Palmyra - New Jersey  Palmyra - New York  Palmyra - North Carolina  Palmyra - Tennessee  Palmyra - Virginia  Palmyra - Wisconsin  Palo Alto  Park Rapids  Park Ridge  Parker  Parkland  Parlin  Parma  Parsippany  Pasadena  Paterson  Patoka  Pawtucket  Peabody  Peachtree City  Pearl River - Louisiana  Pearl River - New York  Pearland  Pelham  Pembroke Pines  Pendleton  Penfield  Peoria  Peshtigo  Petaluma  Pewaukee  Pflugerville  Philadelphia  Philadelphia - Mississippi  Philadelphia - New York  Philadelphia - Pennsylvania  Philadelphia - Tennessee  Phoenix - Arizona  Phoenix - Maryland  Phoenix - New York  Phoenix - Oregon  Pine Brook  Piscataway  Piti  Pittsboro  Pittsburgh  Pittsfield  Pittsford  Plain  Plainfield  Plainsboro  Plano - Illinois  Plano - Iowa  Plano - Texas  Plantation  Playa Vista  Pleasanton - California  Pleasanton - Texas  Pleasantville  Plymouth - Michigan  Plymouth - Minnesota  Pontiac - Illinois  Pontiac - Michigan  Pontiac - Missouri  PORTAGE  Portland - Arkansas  Portland - Connecticut  Portland - Indiana  Portland - Maine  Portland - Michigan  Portland - Missouri  Portland - New York  Portland - North Dakota  Portland - Oregon  Portland - Oregon  Portland - Tennessee  Portland - Texas  POUGHKEEPSIE  Poughkeepsie  Poway  Prairie View  Princeton - Alabama  Princeton - Idaho  Princeton - Illinois  Princeton - Indiana  Princeton - Iowa  Princeton - Kansas  Princeton - Kentucky  Princeton - Louisiana  Princeton - Maine  Princeton - Massachusetts  Princeton - Minnesota  Princeton - Missouri  Princeton - New Jersey  Princeton - North Carolina  Princeton - Oregon  Princeton - Texas  Princeton - West Virginia  Princeton - Wisconsin  Princeton Junction  Prineville  Prior Lake  Prospect Heights  Purchase  Quincy - California  Quincy - Illinois  Quincy - Indiana  Quincy - Kentucky  Quincy - Massachusetts  Quincy - Michigan  Quincy - Missouri  Quincy - Washington  Racine - Minnesota  Racine - Missouri  Racine - West Virginia  Racine - Wisconsin  Radnor  Raleigh - Illinois  Raleigh - Mississippi  Raleigh - North Carolina  Raleigh - North Dakota  Raleigh - West Virginia  Ramsey - Illinois  Ramsey - Indiana  Ramsey - New Jersey  Ramsey - West Virginia  Rancho Cordova  Rancho Santa Fe  Randolph - Alabama  Randolph - Iowa  Randolph - Kansas  Randolph - Maine  Randolph - Massachusetts  Randolph - Minnesota  Randolph - Mississippi  Randolph - Nebraska  Randolph - New Jersey  Randolph - New York  Randolph - Texas  Randolph - Utah  Randolph - Vermont  Randolph - Virginia  Randolph - Wisconsin  Raritan  Rathdrum  Raymond  Reading - Pennsylvania  Readington  Redendo Beach  Redford  Redlands  Redmond - Oregon  Redmond - Utah  Redmond - Washington  Redwood City  Refer To Job Description  Refer to Job Description  Renton  Reston  Rex  Rhode Island  Richardson  Richardson Dall  Richfield - Idaho  Richfield - Kansas  Richfield - Minnesota  Richfield - Nebraska  Richfield - North Carolina  Richfield - Ohio  Richfield - Utah  Richfield - Wisconsin  Richmond  Richmond - California  Richmond - Illinois  Richmond - Indiana  Richmond - Kansas  Richmond - Kentucky  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Massachusetts  Richmond - Michigan  Richmond - Minnesota  Richmond - Missouri  Richmond - Texas  Richmond - Utah  Richmond - Vermont  Richmond - Virginia  Richmond Dale  Ridgewood  Ringwood  Riverdale  Roanoke - Alabama  Roanoke - Illinois  Roanoke - Indiana  Roanoke - Louisiana  Roanoke - Texas  Roanoke - Virginia  Roanoke - West Virginia  Rochester - Illinois  Rochester - Indiana  Rochester - Kentucky  Rochester - Massachusetts  Rochester - Michigan  Rochester - Minnesota  Rochester - New Hampshire  Rochester - New York  Rochester - Texas  Rochester - Vermont  Rochester - Washington  Rochester - Wisconsin  Rockaway  Rocklin  Rockport  Rockville - Indiana  Rockville - Maryland  Rockville - Minnesota  Rockville - Missouri  Rockville - Nebraska  Rockville - Rhode Island  Rockville - Utah  Rockville - Virginia  Rockwall  Rocky Hill  Rocky Mount  Rogers  Rohnert Park  Rolling Meadows  Romeoville  Roseburg  Rosemount  Roseville  Roswell  Rota  Round Lake  Round Rock  Rowlett  Rtp Resrch Tri  Rutherford  Sacramento - California  Sacramento - Kentucky  Sacramento - New Mexico  Saddle Brook  Saddle River  Saint Charles - Illinois  Saint Charles - Missouri  Saint Clair Shores  Saint John  Saint Joseph  Saint Louis - Michigan  Saint Louis - Missouri  Saint Louis - Oklahoma  Saint Paul - Arkansas  Saint Paul - Indiana  Saint Paul - Iowa  Saint Paul - Kansas  Saint Paul - Kentucky  Saint Paul - Minnesota  Saint Paul - Nebraska  Saint Paul - Oregon  Saint Paul - Virginia  Saint Paul Park  Saint Peters  Saint Petersburg  Saint Thomas  Saipan  Salt Lake City  San Antonio - Florida  San Antonio - New Mexico  San Antonio - Puerto Rico  San Antonio - Texas  San Bruno  San Carlos  San Diego - California  San Diego - Texas  San Dimas  San Francisco  San Jose - California  San Jose - Illinois  San Jose - New Mexico  San Juan Capistrano  San Leandro  San Marcos  San Mateo  San Rafael - California  San Rafael - New Mexico  San Ramon  Sandston  Sandy  Santa Clara - California  Santa Clara - New Mexico  Santa Clara - Utah  Santa Cruz  Santa Monica  Santa Rita  Sarasota  Sayreville  Schaumburg  Schenectady  Scottdale  Scotts Valley  Scottsdale  Seabrook  Seattle  Secaucus  Sedalia  Seguin  Severn  Shakopee  Sharon  Sharpsburg  Shawnee Mission  Shelton  Shelton - Connecticut  Shelton - Washington  Shoreview  Short Hills  Shrewsbury  Sidney - Arkansas  Sidney - Illinois  Sidney - Indiana  Sidney - Iowa  Sidney - Kentucky  Sidney - Michigan  Sidney - Montana  Sidney - Nebraska  Sidney - New York  Sidney - Ohio  Sidney - Texas  Silver Lake  Silver Spring  Silverdale  Simi Valley  Simpsonville  Simsbury  Sinajana  Sioux Falls  Skillman  Skokie  Slingerlands  Smithfield  Smyrna - Georgia  Smyrna - Tennessee  Snellville  Social Circle  Solon  Somerset - California  Somerset - Colorado  Somerset - Indiana  Somerset - Kentucky  Somerset - Massachusetts  Somerset - Michigan  Somerset - New Jersey  Somerset - Texas  Somerset - Virginia  Somerset - Wisconsin  Somerville - Massachusetts  Somerville - New Jersey  South San Francisco  Southborough  Southfield  Southington  Spotsylvania  Spring  Spring Field - Ohio  Spring Field - Pennsylvania  Spring Field - Vermont  Spring Hill  Springfield - Arkansas  Springfield - Colorado  Springfield - Georgia  Springfield - Idaho  Springfield - Illinois  Springfield - Kentucky  Springfield - Louisiana  Springfield - Maine  Springfield - Massachusetts  Springfield - Missouri  Springfield - Nebraska  Springfield - New Hampshire  Springfield - New Jersey  Springfield - Oregon  Springfield - South Carolina  Springfield - South Dakota  Springfield - Tennessee  Springfield - Vermont  Springfield - Virginia  Springfield - West Virginia  Springfield - Wisconsin  St Charles  St Louis  St.Louis Park  Stafford - Connecticut  Stafford - Kansas  Stafford - New York  Stafford - Texas  Stafford - Virginia  Staffordville  Stamford - Connecticut  Stamford - Nebraska  Stamford - New York  Stamford - Texas  Stanford - California  Stanford - Illinois  Stanford - Indiana  Stanford - Kentucky  Stanford - Montana  Stanley  Statesville  Steele  Sterling Heights  Stockbridge  Stone Mountain  Strafford  Stratham  Streamwood  Sturtevant  Sudbury  Sugar Hill  Sugar Land  Summit - Arkansas  Summit - Kentucky  Summit - Mississippi  Summit - New Jersey  Summit - New York  Summit - South Dakota  Summit - Utah  Sunnyvale  Superior  Surprise  Suwanee  Syr  Syracuse - Indiana  Syracuse - Kansas  Syracuse - Missouri  Syracuse - Nebraska  Syracuse - New York  Syracuse - Utah  Tacoma  Tallahassee  Talofofo  Tampa - Florida  Tampa - Kansas  Tamuning  Tarpon Springs  Tarrytown  Tecumseh  Temecula  Tempe  Temple Bar Marina  Teterboro  Tewksbury  Texas  Texas City  The Woodlands  Thornville  Thousand Oaks  Tinian  Tinley Park  Titusville - Florida  Titusville - New Jersey  Titusville - Pennsylvania  Toledo  Tomball  Torrance  Trevose  Troy - Alabama  Troy - Idaho  Troy - Illinois  Troy - Indiana  Troy - Kansas  Troy - Maine  Troy - Michigan  Troy - Missouri  Troy - Montana  Troy - New Hampshire  Troy - New York  Troy - North Carolina  Troy - South Carolina  Troy - Tennessee  Troy - Texas  Troy - Vermont  Troy - Virginia  Troy - West Virginia  Tucker  Tucson  Tulsa  Tustin  Twin Lakes  Twinsburg  Umatac  Union  Union City - California  Union City - New Jersey  Upton  Vacaville  Valdez  Valencia - California  Valhalla  Vallejo  Valparaiso  Valrico  Vanburean Township  Vancouver  Vernon Hills  Verona  Victor  Vienna - Virginia  Vincennes  Vista  Vista??????????  Wahpeton  Wallington  Walnut Creek  Waltham  Warren - Arkansas  Warren - Idaho  Warren - Illinois  Warren - Indiana  Warren - Maine  Warren - Massachusetts  Warren - Michigan  Warren - New Hampshire  Warren - New Jersey  Warren - Oregon  Warren - Pennsylvania  Warren - Rhode Island  Warren - Texas  Warren - Vermont  Warrendale  Warrensville Heights  Warrenville - Illinois  Warrenville - South Carolina  Warwick  Washburn  Washington - Arkansas  Washington - District Of Columbia  Washington - Georgia  Washington - Illinois  Washington - Indiana  Washington - Iowa  Washington - Kansas  Washington - Kentucky  Washington - Louisiana  Washington - Maine  Washington - Michigan  Washington - Mississippi  Washington - Missouri  Washington - Nebraska  Washington - New Hampshire  Washington - New Jersey  Washington - North Carolina  Washington - Oklahoma  Washington - Texas  Washington - Utah  Washington - Vermont  Washington - Virginia  Washington - West Virginia  Washington D C  Waterbury  Waterford  Watford City  Waukegan  Waukesha  Wauwatosa  Wayne  Wayne  Waynesboro  Wayzata  Weatogue  Webster - Florida  Webster - Indiana  Webster - Iowa  Webster - Kentucky  Webster - Massachusetts  Webster - New York  Webster - North Carolina  Webster - North Dakota  Webster - South Dakota  Webster - Texas  Webster - Wisconsin  Weehauken  Wellesley  Wentzville  West Bloomfield  West Chester  West Des Moines  West Henrietta  West Jordan  West Norriton  West Orange  West Palm Beach  West Paterson  Westborough  Westbury  Westerville  Westfield  Westford  Westlake  Westlake Village  Westland  Westminster - California  Westminster - Colorado  Westmont  Weston - Florida  Weston - Massachusetts  Westport - California  Westport - Connecticut  Westport - Indiana  Westport - Kentucky  Westport - Massachusetts  Westport - New York  Westport - South Dakota  Westport - Tennessee  Westport - Washington  Westville  Westwood - California  Westwood - Massachusetts  Westwood - New Jersey  Weymouth  Wheaton  Wheeling  Whippany  White Bear Lake  White Lake  White Plains  Whiting  Wichita  Wilkes Barre  Williamsburg  Williston  Willoughby  Willoughby Hill  Wilmington - California  Wilmington - Delaware  Wilmington - Illinois  Wilmington - Massachusetts  Wilmington - New York  Wilmington - North Carolina  Wilmington - Ohio  Wilmington - Vermont  Wilsonville - Alabama  Wilsonville - Illinois  Wilsonville - Nebraska  Wilsonville - Oregon  Wilton - Alabama  Wilton - Arkansas  Wilton - Connecticut  Wilton - Iowa  Wilton - Maine  Wilton - New Hampshire  Wilton - North Dakota  Wilton - Wisconsin  Winchester  Windham  Windsor - California  Windsor - Colorado  Windsor - Connecticut  Windsor - Illinois  Windsor - Kentucky  Windsor - Maine  Windsor - Massachusetts  Windsor - Missouri  Windsor - New Jersey  Windsor - New York  Windsor - North Carolina  Windsor - South Carolina  Windsor - Vermont  Windsor - Virginia  Windsor - Wisconsin  Windsor Locks  Winston Salem  Winthrop  Woburn  Woden  Wood Dale  Wood Ridge  Woodland Hills  Woodstock  Woonsocket  Worcester  Yigo  Yona  Yonkers  Yorba Linda  Yukon  Zionsville         Zip Code        Race/Ethnicity Please indicate your ethnicity or race by selecting one option below. If you are Hispanic, please select the Hispanic category. If you are not Hispanic, please select one of the other categories.       Hispanic or Latino: A person of Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Central or South American or other Spanish culture or origin, regardless of ethnicity        White (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, or North Africa        Black or African American ( Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the black ethnic groups of Africa        Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the people of Hawaii, Guam, Samoa, or other Pacific Islands        Asian (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the people of the Far East, Southeast Asia, the Indian Subcontinent, including, for example, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippine Islands, Thailand and Vietnam        American Indian or Alaska Native (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the original peoples of North and South America (including Central America), and who maintain tribal affiliation or community attachment        Two or More Races (Not Hispanic or Latino): All person who identify with more than one of the above five races        Do not want to disclose my Race/Ethnicity    Discharge Date         Veteran Status  What is your veteran status?       Special Disabled Veteran: Means (A) a veteran who is entitled to compensation (or who, but for receipt of military retired pay, would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Department of Veteran Affairs for a disability rated at 10 or 20 percent in case of a veteran who has been determined to have a serious employment disability or (B) a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service connected disability        Vietnam-Era Veteran: A Vietnam-Era veteran is a person who (1) served on active duty for a period of more than 180 days, any part of which occurred between August 5, 1964 and May 7, 1975, and was discharged or released with other than a dishonorable discharge; (2) was discharged or released from active duty for a service connected disability if any part of such active duty was performed between August 5, 1964 and May 7, 1975; or (3) served on active duty for more than 180 days and served in the Republic of Vietnam between February 29, 1961 and May 7,1975        Other Protected Veteran: A Veteran in one of the following groups: (A) veterans who served in a "war"; (B) veterans whose service in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized or an expeditionary medal has been awarded. This includes a number of military engagements.        Recently Separated Veteran: Any veteran who began employment at Wipro within one year of being discharged or released from active duty in the U.S. military ground, naval or air service        Do not want disclose my veteran status   What is your gender?       Female        Male        I prefer not to answer   What is your disability ? View Details       Yes, I have a disability(or previously had a disability)          Decline to designate        Scribe to write          No, I do not have a disability        I do not wish to answer      Disability Details Because we do business with the government,we must reach out to, hire and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. To help measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at anytime, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. Disabilities include, but not limited to:  Blindness Autism Bipolar Disorder Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Deafness Cerebral palsy Major Depression Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Cancer HIV/AIDS Multiple sclerosis  (MS) Impairments requiring the wheelchair Diabetes Schizophrenia Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Intellectual Disability (previously  called mental retardation) Epilepsy Muscular Dystrophy       Gender     Select Gender  Male  Female    This field is purely optional and has no connection with the current employment opportunity being applied for. The data is being collected with the sole purpose of maintaining records on applicant gender statistics. By agreeing to provide the information requested herein, you are consenting to such disclosure voluntarily. The gender data will be processed solely for the purpose mentioned above and may be shared with any third party or transferred outside the country for such purposes.      Date of Birth    *       SUBMIT  Please wait as your resume is getting submitted...  Reset          Engineer Microsoft DevOps Apps BUSINESS APPLICATIONS SERVICES San Francisco Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 543064 Apply Now  Share This Job      Related Jobs Solution Architect - .Net Chennai Experience : 8-10 YEARS Job Code : 517663 View Now  Related Jobs Tech Lead .NET Chennai Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 512107 View Now  Related Jobs Tech Lead .NET Chennai Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 512106 View Now   Mandatory Skills: Devops - Chef Desirable Skills: Jenkins Job Description: Key skills required for the job are: Devops - Chef (Mandatory) Jenkins As a Senior Engineer, you are responsible for areas around Engineering, Global Infrastructure Services etc. You are expected to have good practical understanding of technology, its application and be involved in implementation, integrated testing, debugging and documentation. You are expected to be a Technical SME, and also handle Project Effort Estimation Related Activities, process compliance. Minimum work experience:3 - 5 Years Roles & Responsibilities: Minimum Experience Required: 3-5 YEARS Mandatory Skills: Devops - Chef Desirable Skills: Jenkins Language Skills: English Language                    Get in touch Wipro has offices all over the world, located strategically to help us serve our clients and deliver the best expertise effectively and efficiently.    List by Region     Africa  Asia Pacific  Europe  India  Middle East  North America  South America        List by Location     East  North  South  West            India   Corporate Office  Wipro Limited Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bangalore – 560035 Phone: +91 80 28440011 Fax: +91 80 28440256  Other offices  Wipro Limited SEZ Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road Bangalore - 560035 Phone: +91 80 30292929 Fax: +91 80 30298200  Wipro Limited No 72, Keonics Electronic City, Hosur Road, Bangalore - 560100 Phone: +91 80 39155000, 30292929 Fax : +91 80 41381760  Wipro Limited SEZ Unit I & II Divyasree Technopark, EPIP Zone, Kundalahalli, Doddanakundi Post Whitefield, Bangalore – 560037  Wipro Limited TP -3, Central Avenue, Mahindra World City, SEZ, Chengalpet – 603002 Phone : +91 44 47440000 Fax: +91 44 39523952  Wipro Limited RR 2 building, # 94/95, TVK Industrial Estate, Guindy Chennai - 600032 Phone: +91 44 30698450  Wipro Limited # Ascendas International tech park 8th floor crust, Taramani, CSIR road, Chennai – 600113 Phone: +91 44 42944200 Fax: +91 44 45556400  Wipro Limited ELCOT SEZ Survey #602/03. Shollinganallur, Chennai – 600119 Phone: +91 44 39290000 Fax: +91 44 39292222  Wipro Limited 105 & 111, Anna Salai, Guindy, Chennai – 600032 Phone : +91 44 30697000 Fax: +91 44 30697100  Wipro Limited # 475 A, Old Mahabalipuram Road Shollinganallur, Chennai – 600119 Phone: +91 44 24500200 Fax: +91 44 24500240/24500250  Wipro Limited Info Park Special Economic Zone Kusumagiri – PO, Kakkanad Cochin – 682030 Phone: +91 484 3054949 Fax: +91 484 3054224  Wipro Limited S.F.No.426/1,426/2& 427/1, Elcot Special Economic Zone Vilankurichi Village, Coimbatore North Taluk, Coimbatore-641004  Wipro Limited Survey No.124, & Part of 132/P SEZ Gopanapally Hyderabad - 501301 Phone: +91 40 30797979, 30970189 Fax: +91 40 30970700  Wipro Limited 203/1, Manikonda Village, Gatchibowli SEZ Hyderabad - 500032 Phone: +91 40 30797979 Fax: +91 40 30797070  Wipro Limited #146/147, Metagalli industrial area, Metagalli, Mysore - 570016 Phone: +91 821 3983082  Wipro Limited Regional Stores 4th Floor, Shyam Towers Opp. Paradise Bakery S.D. Road Secunderabad-500003 Phone:+91 40-40024536  Wipro Limited InfoTech - G-Block, 6th Floor, Surya Towers R.O. South 3, 105, S.P. Road Secunderabad – 500003 Phone: +91 40 30794871 Fax: +91 40 30794876  Wipro Limited Regional Stores Door # 59A-16-13/11A 2nd Floor, Durga Bhavani Complex RTC Colony, Pantakaluva Road, Patamata, Vijayawada-520010 Phone: +91 866-2481665, +91 866-2496093  Wipro Limited Door No.50-75-23/10 STPI Old T.B.Hospital, Rama Talkies Road, Resapuvanipalem Visakhapatnam - 530013 Phone: +91 891 3043333 Fax: +91 891 3043002              Subscribe to our newsletter  Subscribe  We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Wipro does not charge any fee at any stage of the recruitment process and has not authorised agencies/partners to collect any fee for recruitment.  If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please do let us know by contacting us on helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com            Careers      Who we are   About Wipro  Benefits of Joining  Leadership Careers  Sales Careers  Technology Careers  Consulting Careers  Corporate Functions Careers  Business Process Services Careers  Digital Careers  Campus     Meet our people      OUR CULTURE   Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability     campus   Engineering  MBA s  Science Graduates  Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global     Work with us   Job Search  Apply Now  Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India     Staffing Partners   Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process     HELP CENTRE   Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  FAQs         wipro.com  FAQ s  CONTACT US  Sitemap     follow              © Wipro Limited 2017  Wipro.com | FAQ s | Sitemap | Contact Us | Privacy policy | Terms of use      By using careers.wipro.com you agree that we can place cookies on your device. See our privacy policy for details.      Who we are  About Wipro Benefits of Joining Leadership Careers Sales Careers Technology Careers Consulting Careers Corporate Functions Careers Business Process Services Careers Digital Careers  Campus     Meet our people  Our Culture   Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability   Campus  Engineering MBA s Science Graduates Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global    Work with us   Job Search  Apply Now  Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India    Global  Africa Americas ANZ Asean Continental Europe LATAM India   Staffing partners  Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process   Help Center  Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  FAQs    CONTACT US     Scroll                           Software Engineer Backend San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Build, maintain and scale the next generation of optimization tools. SigOpt is building a cloud-based ensemble of optimization algorithms that is proven and integrates seamlessly into existing infrastructure. We're used by globally recognized leaders within the insurance, credit card, algorithmic trading and consumer packaged goods industries. We're looking for generalists who feel comfortable working on everything from machine learning pipelines to javascript to join our small but growing team. Our stack is simple, with tested and popular tools like postgres, python, AWS, node, react. We prefer versatile developers over experts in a single field. Responsibilities Work with customer success and the research engineers to design, build and evaluate new features in the API and optimization framework Scale SigOpt's infrastructure while maintaining a high bar for performance. This could be anything from database optimization to reducing queue processing time Showcase SigOpt in code examples from our public GitHub repo, documentation and how-to articles on the website, and occasionally blog posts Requirements Minimum 1 year industry experience in a software engineering role Experience in a wide variety of languages and tools Pluses Experience with DevOps/SRE Extensive experience developing scalable infrastructure Machine learning experience Strong oral and written communication skills Apply for this job SigOpt Home Page Jobs powered by                  REQUEST DEMO  BLOG  844.357.7047                    Toggle navigation          Endgame         Why Endgame      Platform       Platform    Architecture        Services      COMPANY       Company    Leadership    Contact    Customer Support        News      Partners      Resources       All    White Papers    Webinars    Videos    Solution Briefs    Presentations    Events    Data Sheets        CAREERS       Careers    Interview Process    Career Openings         Search          Search form                                Career Openings We are building the best team - from a variety of backgrounds - to radically disrupt the security industry.     CAREERS    Careers  Interview Process  Career Openings                        REQUEST DEMO            Senior Site Reliability Engineer              About the team… Endgame is seeking a Senior Site Reliability Engineer to build solutions that enhance availability, performance, and stability of Endgame’s bleeding edge security platform and supporting systems.  You will be automating repetitive work and develop solutions that operate at scale, ensuring your own technology efforts directly improve the reliability of our products. Our teams are empowered and expected to improve Endgame’s products to truly deliver a reliable experience to customers. Members of the SRE team also support, deploy, and provide enhancements to the application infrastructure and act as a successful partner within our Engineering, Research & Development, and Product teams. You will be encouraged to bring fresh ideas and new perspectives to the position, while demonstrating versatility when faced with evolving requirements. You will work within a collaborative, flexible, start-up development environment while being offered opportunities to lead and expand your skill-set. Help us push our technology forward and leverage your expertise in networks and systems to shape the future of our products.  About the role… Ensure that applications / services are highly available, reliable, and performant through world-class monitoring, alerting, and self-healing capabilities by applying DevOps best practices Design and build solutions to improve the availability, latency, scalability, and performance of our systems Implement analysis, data-flow, load testing tools, and visualization systems Troubleshoot systems spanning code, system, and network Create and maintain software packaging while working within build and continuous integration systems such as Jenkins  About you… Sound understanding of software architecture in SaaS models Scaled an application over 50% in a single year Demonstrated ability to triage processing bottlenecks Experience with various programming and scripting languages, preferably Python and Go Have a strong desire to simplify workflow procedures by automating the heck out of everything An engineer at heart and equally adept at software development and system engineering/operations Solid Networking and Linux experience Serious troubleshooting skills across different levels of the stack Comfortable shifting priorities, working in a highly dynamic environment, lending a helping hand to colleagues, and taking on new challenges with positivity and resourcefulness   Engineering @Endgame Endgame's converged endpoint security platform transforms security programs, unifying prevention, detection, and threat hunting to stop known and unknown attackers at scale with a single agent. Our workplace is characterized by a high degree of autonomy and flexibility, intellectual engagement, and a competitive compensation structure that rewards performance. We work within a fast-paced, driven, and flexible work environment that allows for both professional growth, as well as unwinding through team events like weekend family brunches, happy hours, and outdoor activities. Endgame values engagement within the tech community. We provide opportunities for open source contributions, speaking at meetups or conferences, and participating in our technical blog. Endgame is unable to sponsor H1-B or other visas at this time. Endgame is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, ancestry, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. San Francisco, CA, United States Tuesday, September 26, 2017 Apply Now Requisition ID: 1368 ovp55fwO                          Get in touch.     REQUEST DEMO     CONTACT US     CAREERS                CONTACT US 844-357-7047       Sign up for our newsletter  Email Address *   Email Address                          Explore   Why Endgame  Platform  Company  Resources  News    Cyber Security Dictionary     Threat Hunting  Security Service  Ransomware  Machine Learning  Security News  Endpoint Protection     Cyber Hunting  Cybersecurity Financial Services  Automated Hunt  Cyber Attack      Connect   3101 Wilson Blvd  Arlington, VA 22201  844-357-7047  Contact Us  Request a Demo          © Endgame 2017                                                  Apply Now  Software Engineer - API  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA      The API team is responsible for the front door of Twilio’s REST API.  An edge platform team, our API layer is a highly-available, low-latency machine that processes all of Twilio’s REST API traffic, nearly 3 billion API requests a week, with five 9s, 99.999%, of uptime. We own and develop the helper libraries that 90% of our customers use to access our APIs. Ease of use and consistency are top of mind; we pride ourselves on getting new developers up and running with Twilio in less than 5 minutes.   About the job:  We are looking for someone who is interested in joining the API team and the Platform Engineering organization to help enable our customers access and use our REST APIs.  We seek fantastic, passionate, motivated, empathetic, customer serving engineers that want to help Twilio fuel the future of communication.  The person in this role will receive exposure to the unique set of challenges that come from scaling global services that run at 99.999% availability.    Responsibilities:   Help build new services from scratch using open source technology and tools under guidance from senior engineers.  Drive quality by writing high quality, effective unit tests and functional tests for high availability systems and libraries.  Break down requirements, plan and estimate tasks; release frequently to production in 2-week sprints.  Fix bugs and maintain existing services and tools.  Be on-call and participate in post-mortems, incident resolution, and operational reviews.   Requirements:   Data Modeling - Can you model data effectively and clearly?  People that can make complex things simple is a valuable skill in making simple and meaningful APIs.  Distributed systems - We are a global telecom built in the cloud. We value systems that are resilient, elastic and horizontal scalable. Our engineers are CAP aware, and know how to design, build, monitor, and debug distributed systems.  Framework Development - We build and use frameworks to increase the efficiency and leverage of our team.  Our tools and services provide a self-service mechanism for Twilio engineers to publish their APIs and add them to our helper libraries.  Operational Rigor - Twilio has a strong devops culture with individual teams owning and operating their own services. If you have designed or helped build services at scale, understand the importance of meaningful metrics, you are a great fit for our team.  HTTP - We are the API team at an API company.  As HTTP is the foundation of our APIs, knowledge of HTTP and its constructs are meaningful to us.  Polyglot Development - As we develop helper libraries for six languages: Java, C#, Ruby, PHP, Python, and Node, it is useful if you are able to code in multiple languages.  Agile - We value the ability to ship excellent software quickly and frequently. A proven ability to work on closely-knit teams using Agile methodologies such as Scrum is highly valued.  Passion - Passionate. Persistent. Creative. You find clever ways around problems, or just plow through them. You are entrepreneurial, and want to get things done. You have high aptitude, and always seek new challenges.   Bonus points:   Have you built an API, Client library, or SDK? Do you love helping and enabling other developers? If so, we are interested in meeting you.  You’ve worked on the platform team for an “IaaS”, “PaaS”, or “SaaS” company.  You contribute to or maintain an open source project.  You've developed an app using Twilio API.   About us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice, and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 800 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Malmö, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile URL       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      JavaScript not enabled  The application requires JavaScript enabled to function properly. You can enable JavaScript through your browser preferences.                      Sr. Manager, Database Engineering  Engineering/IT | Mountain View or San Francisco, CA    Apply Now        Upwork is the world’s top freelancing website. Each year over $1 billion of work happens through Upwork, helping businesses get more done and freelancers work anytime, anywhere on projects they love. At Upwork you’ll help build on this momentum. Together we’ll create economic and social value on a global scale, providing a trusted online workplace for professionals to connect, collaborate and succeed. Your Responsibilities: Be working on a high pace dynamic database operation environment supporting production operation of multiple business critical databases like PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Oracle, MySQL, and database systems on AWS (i.e. RDS, Dynamo, etc.). Perform typical DBA work building infrastructure for database provisioning, monitoring, back-ups, performance tuning, security, customer support for solving problems. Evaluate and upgrade database, work with DevOps on OS integration and transformation Research and explore new database technologies, tools, features to improve our database infrastructure’s manageability, availability, scalability and productivity. Participate in on-call rotation for all database environment support. Capacity analysis and forecast dedicatedly SQL review and design review and consultation Work with database vendors for support and troubleshooting Lead and mentor a team of local and remote database engineers What it takes to catch our eye: Familiar with Unix/Linux kernel basics Deep understanding of RDBMS and NOSQL theories Fluent programming skills in at least one of these areas, php, python, perl, java Hands on DBA experience with RDBMS or NoSQL datastore (PostgreSQL and/or MongoDB preferred) on Unix/Linux production environment Experience with database migration from EC2 to RDS is desired. Experience with RDS, DynamoDB, Redshift, or other AWS technologies is a plus A confident leader who can earn the trust of the team and is ready to take on any challenges to drive database infrastructure improvement You see yourself more as an engineering manager than an operational manager You thrive in collaborating and communicating with your peers in other organizations You have an insatiable appetite of learning database technologies You don’t just know what database technologies are used but also know how your company applications use them A leader who has low tolerance of manual work and is passionate about automation 5+ years of management experience (people + technical) Come change the world. At Upwork you’ll help shape the future of work. From our offices in San Francisco, Mountain View and Chicago, together we’re creating exciting new opportunities for a world of professionals. You’ll be part of a vibrant culture built on shared values: Inspire a boundless future of work, Build amazing teams, Put community first and, Bias towards action. Along the way you’ll have fun and enjoy the perks of a people-first company: Work from Home Wednesdays, daily breakfasts and lunch, regular in-office happy hours, top-notch benefits and more. Check out  Upwork’s spotlight on The Muse for a glimpse of our daily work/life balance. Upwork is proudly committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condition), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.   Apply Now        VP of Engineering San Francisco, CA Leadership Full-time Apply for this job With over 200 million users in 196 countries, Change.org is the world’s largest technology platform for social change. We’re a social impact business, and we’re aiming to build a world where no one is powerless and where creating change is a part of everyday life. The VP of Engineering will be based out of our San Francisco headquarters and report to our CEO. As a key member of our executive team, you will oversee all aspects of Engineering at Change.org. You will manage, mentor, grow, and inspire our team of talented engineers in SF and Victoria, BC, who are building the largest platform that’s powering change around the world. As the VP of Engineering you will: Hire, inspire, coach, and manage our diverse, multi-team engineering organization, which includes feature teams for engagement, revenue, and growth, as well as horizontal teams for Platform, DevOps, and Data Science. Own strategy, planning, goal setting, execution, and results. Uphold a strong culture of execution and accountability across engineering. Teach and advocate for agile development across the product organization. Continually assess and upgrade, when appropriate, our processes for quality, risk management, high availability, performance, and user delight. Enhance our recruiting strategies and programs, and serve as an attractor for top talent from many diverse backgrounds. As a key member of the executive team, work with peers in Product and our regional teams teams to deliver and upgrade compelling products that help us achieve our mission, and to contribute to overall company strategy. Requirements: Previous experience with global consumer facing platforms, from feature work to platform infrastructure. Deep experience with modern web technologies, with rapid deploy, rapid and automated scaling, and high availability. Significant engineering management experience, both scaling and inheriting teams. At least 5 years of individual engineering experience. Strong track record of attracting, retaining, and mentoring top talent. Commitment to attracting diverse candidates and removing unconscious bias in all situations. Strong communication skills to a variety of audiences, from technical to non-technical. Extensive experience with estimating, budgeting and planning. Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or equivalent degree. The is a full-time opportunity based in San Francisco. Change.org is committed to being a diverse and inclusive workplace. We encourage applicants of different backgrounds, cultures, genders, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical disability, or length of time spent unemployed. Apply for this job Change.org Home Page Jobs powered by        Loggly                  Engineering Manager - Data Platform   San Francisco , California , United States  Full-time       Loggly is seeking an Engineering Manager - Data Platform to join our Software Engineering team.  We’re looking for a high-energy development leader who is eager to design and deliver the innovative product sets that will drive the next phase of our growth. Loggly is the world’s most popular cloud-based enterprise-class log management solution.  Our customers send us an explosive volume of log data 7x24x365. Our challenge?  Make it easy for our users to instantly search and understand what their logs are telling them. This is real-time big data is mission critical for our customers.  When their applications are acting up they look to the Loggly service to help them figure out what’s wrong and get things back on track.  Do you have the code-writing capabilities to take on this task? About the Team The engineering team at Loggly believes that the quality of our code reflects directly on us as professionals.  And because our customers are all engineers themselves, they notice.  We’re relentless about crafting a product that is innovative, delivers a user experience that people remember and is ever faster and more robust. Our culture is fun, fast-paced, performance-oriented, open, collegial, and we are constantly pushing the technology envelope to the edge!  Our headquarters are located in the financial district of San Francisco, CA right on top of a BART and Muni stop.  We are hiring in San Francisco and other parts of the United States. We believe in hiring talent where it exists. About the Job The development team at Loggly is responsible for designing and delivering the cloud-based log management product.  As a key member of this team you will collaborate with engineers, product management and the operations team to develop innovative features on top of our big data stack. You will be responsible for technically leading the infrastructure team. You will have full life cycle responsibilities for key product functionality spanning architecture, design, development, implementation and mentoring the infrastructure team. You will provide and ensure excellence in product design and implementation with regard to efficiency. You will be responsible for planning, organizing and performing technical work and ensuring the integrity of significant and diverse projects. You will be expected to create robust, scalable, multi-threaded and distributed systems that operate 7x24x365. This is an exciting opportunity to work in a highly innovative environment with new technologies as we continue to evolve our products and extend our leading market position. About You You’re an engineer who enjoys working with developers to continuously improve the software, believes that any non-trivial task should be automated, understands and values log files, thinks that processing terabytes of data in near real-time is a good start, and enjoys squeezing the last cycle of power out of servers, VMs, and software. You will be successful in this role if you: -Enjoy helping others around you grow and be successful as developers -Have excellent written and verbal communications skills -Can be autonomous and self-driven -Get inspired on a daily basis, thinking of new ideas and sharing them with others -Take pride in creating new ways to do things and know that the creative process requires momentum, chaos, vibrancy, spontaneity, debate, and silence We’re looking for: -8 to 10 years of relevant experience in building large scale distributed software.  SaaS and big data experience helpful -Experience as a lead developer or technical lead on a comparable scale system, providing guidance on design and development -Experience with enterprise software helpful -Strong problem solving and analytical skills Technical Skills: -Extensive server-side software development skills in Java -Demonstrated experience in authoring multi-threaded, high performance code -Excellent understanding of data structures, algorithms, software engineering design pattern and principles -Strong experience with multi-tier service oriented architecture, including knowledge of Apache, Tomcat and web services -Strong experience with building REST API, JSON, HTTP, RDBMS, Python -Experience with Kafka, Elasticsearch and Amazon AWS platform is major plus -Extensive knowledge of Unix/Linux environment -Extensive experience building unit test and debugging systems What’s Next  If you're interested in joining the team; please send us your resume. Let us know how you fit the bill for each of our requirements. Loggly is a place that values individuality, variety, and diversity. We have lots of hikers, bikers, gamers, musicians and other interesting folks so use your judgment and write to us in your own voice about your talents.  If you have a presence on the web that we can easily access where you contribute to an open source project, write a blog, or practice another craft besides designing powerful software, we’d love to hear about it. We’ll start with an initial phone interview and based on that, we’ll invite you in to meet the team – starting with the CTO and CEO; as we said, we’re a small team and every member is important!  We hope you’ll do some research on Loggly and try out our product before you arrive. The Company Loggly is the world’s most popular cloud-based log management solution, used by more than 9,000 to effortlessly spot problems in real-time, easily pinpoint root causes and resolve operational issues faster to ensure application success. Our simple to scale and consume log management service is designed around the needs of modern DevOps teams and purposely built to dramatically simplify the chore of log management for start-ups through Fortune 500 organizations. Founded in 2009 and based in San Francisco, the company is backed by Trinity Ventures, True Ventures, Matrix Partners, Cisco, Data Collective Venture Capital and others.  Loggly is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. **Immigration sponsorship will be considered**       Apply for this opening      Apply with Linkedin      Apply with Indeed    Apply for this opening at http://loggly.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk06ivg?apply=true     Other openings at Loggly  See all the jobs at Loggly here: http://loggly.recruiterbox.com/jobs       Fetching your Linkedin profile ...     Application Form     Apply with Linkedin     Apply with Indeed       First Name
                         *     Last Name     Email
                         *     Phone
                         *     Resume
                         *                  Thanks for your time       Apply for this opening    Apply with Linkedin   Apply with Indeed   share this opening with friends          Other openings at Loggly  See all the jobs at Loggly here: http://loggly.recruiterbox.com/jobs                powered by  Recruiterbox              About us: HintMD is a well-funded high technology start-up in the healthcare industry. Our ExpertCommerce™ platform enables physicians to curate treatment plans for patients, and deliver the convenience to help patients achieve results. We enable consumers to fully engage within the aesthetic industry, know what is right for them, and stay compliant with a personalized plan that guides them through each step on their journey to be their best. Our team includes successful serial entrepreneurs, industry experts and people passionate to make a difference in our customer’s lives. Our headquarters are in beautiful Pleasanton, California. The Role: We are looking for a talented full-stack/generalist engineer to join our world class, results driven team. If you meet the requirements below, we would love to tell you more in person. This is an opportunity to make a big impact in a small team and to have fun. It’s way better than those boring big-corporate red-tape meetings-all-the-time-sucks-the-life-out-of-you jobs. As a key member of our growing team, we expect you to align and extend our culture. We’d like you to teach us new things, improve our systems and processes, show passion for what you do and bring intellectual honesty and resourcefulness. Our ideal candidate has: Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent with 5-8 years of experience shipping web based applications using any of the popular MVC frameworks. We use Java and Python server-side, and React (HTML, Javascript) on the client side. Experience working with and constructing web frameworks, web services, APIs, databases, etc. using the following technologies: Java Javascript HTML5 * Experience working in a fast-paced result driven setting. Attention to detail, takes time to understand requirements and carefully crafts both tests and code. We use Behavior Driven Design principles. A good understanding and some experience related to secure and reliable product deployment and operations A champion for quality bug tracking, source code control, unit tests and documentation. A love for learning new technologies. You will: Design, code and ship new features on our web app at high velocity and high quality with well-structured and secure code. Troubleshoot debug, and fix issues in production and non-production environments Coach and mentor peer engineers to become great developers and recommend best practices and tools. Help with DevOps and IT tasks as necessary. Have fun What we can offer: Finally, we believe that healthy people fuel healthy culture. We offer health, dental and vision benefits, as well as three weeks paid vacation per year at the minimum. If this sounds like the kind of work you would love to be doing, reach out to us and let’s chat about how we can combine forces! HintMD is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Job Type: Full-time Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Software Engineering: 3 years      Apply Now  Infrastructure Security Engineer  at Cloudflare  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA, Austin, TX     About Us:   At CloudFlare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal -- to build a better web. We believe that with our talented team, smart technology and engaged users we can solve some of the biggest problems on the web. We already serve more web traffic than Twitter, Bing, Wikipedia, Amazon, Apple and Instagram combined. Anytime we push a line of code, it affects over 200 million web surfers overnight. We are still a small team, well-funded, growing quickly and focused on building a world-class company.  The Role  Here at CloudFlare we have one of the most sophisticated, fast paced engineering environments you will ever come across. From broad usage of Docker containerization through to highly available ultra-secure build tools it isn't an environment for the faint of heart. We are looking for an Infrastructure Security person who wants to work with cutting edge technologies to solve security problems at massive scale. The ideal candidate will be a hacker/problem solver who understands what it takes to build highly secure development environments at scale.  Responsibilities:  We are looking for an Infrastructure Security Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate can think both tactically in dealing with security incidents and strategically in anticipating future threats against our infrastructure.  This position will also have the opportunity to engage across the CloudFlare organization in support of ongoing initiatives, ensuring that best practices for security and risk management are embedded in project and process life cycles.   Conduct security reviews of core infrastructure.  Carry out network and application penetration testing and vulnerability scanning.  Help establish and maintain corporate security best practices.  Work with the engineering team to architect highly performant, secure automated development systems  Work with the tools team to build secure development tools  Work with the Network and Engineering team to maintain a consistent, secure architecture  Interface with customers, partners, and industry peers at security conferences.   Requirements:   5+ years experience in Security Engineering  Comfortable writing code in at least one of PHP, GO, Lua, Java (preferably more than one)  Familiar with the challenges of processing security events at scale  Experience in running information security programs, including but not limited to penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, red team exercises.  Knowledge of network-based and system-level attacks and mitigation methods.  Deep knowledge of vulnerabilities and exploits.  Familiarity with log formats and host or network based intrusion detection systems.  Strong foundation in and in-depth technical knowledge of security engineering, computer and network security, authentication and security protocols and applied cryptography.  Strong familiarity with virtualized environments whether hypervisor based or container based and in particular knowledge of the security issues that are specific to them.  Familiarity with build tools and automation in software engineering  - such as in Continuous Integration (CI) environments  Good understanding of high frequency build/delivery and DevOps  Knowledge of vulnerability management using tools like Nessus  Knowledge security SIEMs like AlienVault, SecurityCenter  Ability to travel to the data centers positioned worldwide, within North & South America, EMEA and APAC regions   The following requirements are not mandatory but would be advantageous   Knowledge of software defined networks  Knowledge of docker and docker security requirements  Familiarity with automated vulnerability analysis tools  Familiarity with automated code review tools     Perks:  We offer competitive salaries, equity, fantastic health benefits plan, a new laptop, monthly CalTrain / BART pass for commuters and the opportunity to work with a smart, motivated team where you will see your contribution daily. Our sunny offices are based in SOMA in San Francisco, CA.  Sound like somewhere you'd thrive? We'd love to hear from you. Submit your resume and a short paragraph to introduce yourself.  CloudFlare is a security company.  All prospective employees will be subject to an extensive background check.  CloudFlare is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.                 Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      GitHub Account Link       LinkedIn Profile (Optional)       Personal Website or Blog (Optional)                  Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                    CLOSE    Skip to content  Home  About   About Us  Our Story  Culture  Testimonials  Community Outreach  Awards & Recognition  Internal Opportunities  TekPartners Incentive Program    Leadership Team   Executive Leadership  Corporate Leadership  Field Leadership    Services   Professional Staffing  Managed Services  IT Project Solutions    Search Jobs  Newsroom   The Techie Times Archive    Locations  Contact Us   Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Menu                 Job Detail      Search Jobs Sr. Software Developer/Technical Lead Profession: Information Technology Specialty: Software Engineer City: San Francisco State: CA Status: Open Term: Direct Hire Job Id: 55559 Description Title: Senior Software Developer/Technical Lead  Location: San Francisco, CA  Direct Hire/FTE  Salary based on Experience  Overview:  As a Software Engineer-Technical Leader, you'll be embedded on a development team consisting between 8-30 people where you can work on the next generation of internet software. You'll get to work directly with other Developers, Software Testers, Business Analysts, Product Managers, and Directors, all of whom make up the team. In this highly-collaborative environment, you will have the opportunity to grow as a software engineer, and even help mentor others. Are you ready to get started?  Position Description:     Start your day off right by meeting with your teammates to make sure that yesterday's challenges are today's wins!  Get together with your Business Analysts, User Experience leads and Quality Assurance Engineers at the story kickoff meeting to make sure the code you write is building the software that you want to use  Want to talk shop? The tech standup is the place to do it where you meet with your fellow engineers and platform leads to make sure your code is using the latest and greatest practices and patterns  After lunch, head on over to a design meeting where you are working with the analysts and fellow engineers to determine what the code and product will look like just a few months from now  The team only gets stronger at monthly/quarterly retrospective meetings where your small ideas can have a big impact on how your teams days are going  When the day is over, by using our internal communication portal, you plan on playing poker, volunteering, or going on a run with other employees     Requirements:     7+ years of experience in web technologies utilizing SOA patterns and REST  Relevant experience with Java / C# /Ruby programming languages  Experience with microservice architecture is a plus  Familiarity with Cloud based Software-as-a-Service applications  Familiarity using open source frameworks is a plus  Relevant experience with relational databases  Experience with NoSQL databases (MongoDB), Angular, and Spring is a plus  Knowledge of OOP design and patterns  Strong use of source code repositories, like GIT and understanding of GIT workflow  Willingness to learn new technologies  Experience with Open Stack, ESX, or other comparable cloud management solutions  Experience establishing continuous delivery pipelines in cloud based infrastructure  DevOps experience, including developing Infrastructure-as-code using tools like Chef  Agile software development experience including test-driven development and extreme programming methodologies.  Experience coaching/mentoring software engineers  Self-motivated, positive team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills     Education/Certification/License: A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, IT or related field is a plus  Travel Requirement: Limited travel upon request   3173672 TekPartners Quick Apply    First Name * Last Name * Email *   Phone * City State State Alabama Arizona Alaska Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip Code Resume Tracking ID Pageview ID Visitor ID Job ID Source Name Profession Specialty Title Download Resume              More Info Contact Corporate Headquarters 5810 Coral Ridge Drive Suite 250 Coral Springs, FL 33076 Phone: 954.656.8600 Fax: 954.282.6070  HQ@tekpartners.com Similar Positions Lead Linux Engineeer in Chicago IL Enterprise Infrastructure Project Manager in Miami FL Systems Engineer in Murfreesboro TN Hot Jobs Field Technician in Winter Garden FL Sr. Data Analyst in Baltimore MD DevOps System Engineer in Santa Ana CA Job Detail Page                 Email  Phone  Location  Social  Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Copyright © 2012 – 2017 TekPartners                          Senior Engineer San Francisco Product & Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Fond (formerly AnyPerk) is a perks and rewards platform used by over 1,000 companies across the U.S. from startups competing for top talent to Fortune 500 companies strengthening their employer brands. Fond helps customers build cultures of appreciation and recognition, knowing that happier employees make for better business. Some of our current customers include Salesforce, Sephora, Adobe and hundreds of others. We’re a YC W12 company and funded by renowned investors including DCM, Andreessen Horowitz, SV Angel, and Digital Garage. Some of our partners include Equinox, ZipCar and AMC Theaters. If you want to be part of the team that delivers industry-leading engagement and recognition capabilities for top companies, Fond is for you! At Fond, we guide companies in how to design and build highly social, next generation recognition programs and offer unique and compelling employee perks. Given its broad appeal, it’s critical that the Fond platform is highly intuitive, low friction and integrated into day-to-day activities. With its mobile app, Fond puts perks and recognition into the palm of your hand! We work smart, fast, and cohesively as a team, both within engineering and across the rest of the company. We’re looking for product-minded engineers to join the Fond team. You are self-motivated, well-versed in delivering high scale SaaS solutions and care deeply about the customers we serve, being part of a team that delivers real value, and the ability to provide unique benefits to so many people. Responsibilities Work as part of a collaborative, agile team to deliver industry-leading engagement capabilities in web and mobile. Integrate with other services to help Fond seamlessly provide value to more companies Design and develop feature enhancements that continue to deliver on the value and provide an excellent customer experience Troubleshoot and resolve emergency server or code issues at any stack level Required Skills A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or commensurate experience 3+ years experience in production web application development, including 1+ years of experience working with Ruby on Rails or an equivalent web framework Experience writing JavaScript code, either vanilla JS or using a framework such as Node.js or React, Redux Unit and automated testing experience (e.g. RSpec, Selenium) 3rd party API usage and integration experience RDBMS usage (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL) Ability to empathize with end-users; build with scale and ease of adoption in mind Experience building in an agile setting with code reviews and quality as a priority Strong design skills for separation and modularity of code; aversion to overly complex, spaghetti code Persistence: design it, build it, if it breaks, fix it, but make it work, and make it shine Bonus Skills Free and/or Open Source project work Amazon Web Services, containerization, DevOps experience Database Design HRIS integration experience Mobile app development experience; native iOS or Android or React Native Fond Benefits Access to a Fond account Competitive salary and equity package Great culture and team camaraderie 100% employee + 60% dependent/spouse premium coverage on Health, Dental, and Vision insurance 401k benefits Commuter benefits Flexible vacation and sick policy Lunch & snacks in the office Macbook Air Team outings and frequent happy hours At Fond, we celebrate uniqueness. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, nationality, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Nor will we hold it against you if you prefer House Hunters to House of Cards or Cheez-Its to Goldfish. We welcome all types! Apply for this job Fond Home Page Jobs powered by                     Featured Jobs   Administrative/Support Jobs  Customer Service/Call Center Jobs  Executive Jobs  Finance/Accounting Jobs  Human Resources/Legal Jobs  Information Technology Jobs  Real Estate Field Services Jobs  Marketing/Communications Jobs  Real Estate Operations/Management Jobs  Sales/Account Management Jobs     Locations    Not finding a job?   Join Our Talent Community  View All Jobs           Search Our Open Positions    Search by Keyword      Search by Location              Search by Keyword      Search by Location            Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now           Email   Start         Please wait...         Share this Job                          DevOps (Site Reliability) Engineer  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...       Date:  Nov 9, 2017    Location:  Emeryville, CA, US    Company:  Realogy Services Group LLC         Requisition 45485   About ZapLabs LLC ZapLabs ( www.zaplabs.com ) is the innovation and technology hub for global real estate leader Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), and the driving force behind inventive technology for brokers and agents affiliated with Realogy’s world renowned real estate brands. ZapLabs delivers its highly effective consumer, sales associate and broker solutions in support of Realogy’s leading franchise brands and is positioned to expand the scope of its technology development efforts to encompass Realogy’s other business segments, including residential brokerage, relocation and settlement services. ZapLabs is headquartered in Emeryville, California.    Job Title: DevOps (Site Reliability) Engineer    At ZapLabs, we work to build and improve a platform that helps real estate professionals work effectively, and helps delight home buyers and sellers with an excellent experience. We do that by combining great technology with great people – and we’re looking for a DevOps (Site Reliability)  Engineer to join our team.    What we’re looking for:  You’re a highly motivated DevOps (Site Reliability) Engineer who will help build a modern infrastructure for building, deploying, and monitoring high-volume consumer-facing web applications, along with internal tools and systems. You should be passionate about engineering and operations (you read the Netflix and Airbnb engineering blogs with your morning coffee, and you have a copy of Google’s Site Reliability Engineering book on your bedside table). You excel at writing code to automate everything.    What you’ll do :  You’ll work on everything from transitioning a good chunk of our infrastructure to AWS, helping us move to a container-based service architecture, and supporting the “Big Data” infrastructure used by our Data Science team. Some of your responsibilities will include:   Help resolve issues in production, test, and dev environments  Test our systems and processes  Work on tools for deployment, monitoring and operations     Skills, accomplishments, & interests you should have :   2+ years of experience working in an Software Engineering/DevOps role  1+ year(s) of experience working with UNIX/Linux systems administration  BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline  Configuration management tools, preferably Salt (we have lots of servers and need to manage them in an automated way)  Ability to iterate quickly in an agile development process  Excited to learn new technologies and evaluate technologies to problems  Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment  Solid communication skills  And of course, writing good code! (data structures, algorithms, etc.)     Nice to haves :   Experience with continuous integration software, e.g. Jenkins or Bamboo  AWS skills – a big part of our plan for the next six months is to move services into AWS.  Experience with resource managers, e.g. Mesos, Kubernetes, Yarn, etc.  Experience with Docker—this is a big part of how we’re going to be able to scale services and give engineers the tools they need to produce and deploy them.  Experience with distributed messaging systems, e.g. Kafka  Skill with “Big Data” tools, e.g. Spark, Hive, HDFS     We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats.    Realogy Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries are committed to providing equal employment opportunity (“EEO”) and will make employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, sexual preference, gender identity or gender expression, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected under applicable laws and regulations. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable laws and regulations.  Under the Americans with Disabilities Act and other applicable laws Realogy will provide reasonable accommodation to disabled applicants upon request during the application process to ensure equal opportunities to be considered for employment.    To learn more about Realogy and the accomplishments of our brands, log on to www.realogy.com .    Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices.  All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  ZIP123     Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Engineer, Computer Science, Real Estate, Linux, Unix, Engineering, Technology, Sales      Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...           Find similar jobs:   ZapLabs Jobs,  Information Technology Jobs       ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users    Email*   Password*   Forgot Password?   Sign in   * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create        ×  Create Profile        Working...   Next »       ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »                Home  Realogy.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy     Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  Realogy endeavors to make our careers site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process due to a disability, please email realogyrecruiter@realogy.com. Please note that Realogy will respond only to requests for accommodations due to a disability.                                                All jobs → Site Reliability/Devops Engineer   Site Reliability/Devops Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description The RealReal is the leader in authenticated luxury consignment.  We offer the largest selection of pre-owned and authenticated luxury items including men’s and women’s luxury fashion, fine jewelry and watches, and fine art.  The RealReal sells pieces from designers such as Chanel, Hermes, and Louis Vuitton; jewelry and watches from Cartier, Roles, and Van Cleef & Arpels; and blue-chip art from Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein, Sam Francis, and hundreds of others. THE POSITION The Devops team at The RealReal is looking for a talented Engineer to help manage our cloud infrastructure.  You will join a small team whose primary responsibility is to ensure the continued uptime of the platform by architecting scalable and performant systems and identifying issues before they result in service interruptions In addition to maintaining these systems, the person in this role will configure and manage third-party services including our Platform as a Service, CDN, and security solutions. This is an on-site position in our SF offices near Fisherman's wharf. RESPONSIBILITIES Evaluate, recommend, and implement technologies to help support the continued growth of the platform and business. Provide operational support for MySQL and Postgres databases. Set up monitoring and follow business and technology metrics relevant to each product and identify problems or potential optimizations. Offer clear short and mid-term visibility on the technical evolution of these products. Manage the security policy of the enterprise for its cloud-based production infrastructure evaluate risks and identify threats. Propose the right action plans to minimize that risk and fix critical situations. Participate in front line on-call rotation with 2 other engineers Business continuity and disaster recovery planning Requirements 10 years of experience providing hands-on support of large scale production infrastructure. Experience troubleshooting and providing operational support for AWS based infrastructures - 3 years minimum, 5+ ideal. Track record in successfully addressing performance, scalability, and latency challenges associated with running an AWS based business. Excellent trouble-shooting abilities and communication skills. Solid experience providing operational support for production databases with a good understanding of concepts and disaster recovery methodologies. Experience with Infrastructure as Code, understanding the benefits and drawbacks of different approaches. Demonstrated ability to thrive in a fast-paced, iterative, deadline-driven environment. Systematic approach to problem solving Self directed learner with a strong sense of systems ownership and desire for constant improvement.   Apply for this job             The RealReal
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.  The RealReal website  Powered by Workable     Qualifications Designing and developing scripts/tools for Continuous Integration Continuous Deployments Designing and developing automation templates/tools for infrastructure provisioning, configuration & change management Building and deploy web applications to dev/test/prod environments Automating configuration management, infrastructure, and application deployments in a toolset such as Puppet, Chef, Ansible or Salt Experience with Docker and containerization strategies Knowledge of Maven and industry artifact repository management solutions Developing automation for application running on private and public cloud infrastructure environments such as AWS / Google Cloud Source control using tools such as GIT Automation of applications through RESTful APIs Scripting skills in a language such as Shell, Python, Javascript, Ruby, or Powershell Experience with software testing, including designing and implementing unit, component, and system-level tests Background in network or storage design and administration is a plus. Responsibilities Assist project teams with technical issues in all phases of a projects life cycle. These include definition of hardware and cloud infrastructure needs, technical strategy, research and development within the project life-cycle, technical analysis and design. Engineering of System Administration related solutions for various project and operational needs. Automate software builds, configuration, and deployments to testing and production environments. Install and configure systems written in Java, Nod.js, Ruby, Angular etc.. Research and develop system to implement CI and auto deployments Develop system to monitor production systems and trigger alerts when issues are detected using Zabbix, Nagios, Stackdriver. Diagnose internal networks and debug networking issues Continually investigate methods to improve system reliability and performance Job Type: Contract      Apply Now  Senior DevOps Engineer, Hadoop  at LiveRamp  San Francisco, CA    LiveRamp is looking for engineers to help us maintain and scale our Hadoop infrastructure. Our technology enables customers to measure the impact of digital marketing on sales and deliver messages to consumers on virtually any channel or device.  We run a large Hadoop cluster with thousands of physical servers, with more than 60,000 CPUs and raw HDFS capacity in excess of 70 PB. We are responsible for ensuring the availability and health of a cluster used to process billions of customer records on a daily basis.  You’ll be a member of our DevOps team and while you are focused on Hadoop, you will also have the chance to work on other infrastructure-related initiatives such as kubernetes, shared libraries and build pipelines. We’re looking for serious Hadoop expertise, but we also want you to get experience with many other cool technologies.  Leave your ego at the door, roll up your sleeves and start solving huge challenges as soon as you begin.  LiveRamp Infrastructure’s Team Creed   Keep the Lights On for our existing infrastructure  Automate the provisioning and operation of secure local and hosted infrastructure platforms for LiveRamp  Collaborate with engineering teams to construct and optimize the software build pipeline  Help facilitate ownership of application infrastructure by Dev teams  Function as stewards for shared data, services, tools, processes and libraries  Reduce System Cost   A Day in the Life of a LiveRamp Senior Engineer, Hadoop:   Treat infrastructure as code leveraging tools like Github, Jenkins, Chef, and  Kubernetes  Monitor and detect issues using tools like Datadog and Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana. If a problem occurs in production enough times, engineer a solution rather than manually fix it  Follow your own muse and engineer whatever interests you in one of our four Hackweeks every year   You are an ideal candidate if you:   Have 3+ years of DevOps-like work experience and have a passion for infrastructure and helping your fellow developer  Have a startup personality and enjoy working as part of a team: smart, ethical, friendly, hard-working, and productive  Have world-class debugging skills  Have familiarity with Hadoop/HDFS/YARN architecture  Have working knowledge of software build pipelines and tools like GitHub, Jenkins, Artifactory, etc  Treat infrastructure as code. Seeking someone with at least two languages of comfort, such as Ruby, Bash, Java, Python, Perl, or Go  Working knowledge of TCP/IP, ICMP, SSH, LDAP, DNS, and other low-level network things   Benefits:   People. Work with talented, collaborative, and friendly people who love what they do.  Stock  Unlimited paid time off  Competitive Medical, dental, & vision insurance  401K Matching  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)  Commuter benefits  Catered meals & stocked kitchen  Events including games nights, happy hours, camping trips, and sporting leagues   More about us:  LiveRamp is the leader in data connectivity, helping the world’s largest brands use their data to improve customer interactions on any channel and device. We thrive on mind-bending technical challenges and value entrepreneurship, humility, and constant personal growth.  There is so much more that we want to build and that we could continue to improve. We value strong engineers who are agile enough to hit the ground running and tackle any challenges that come their way.  To all recruitment agencies: LiveRamp does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, LiveRamp employees or any other company location. LiveRamp is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.  LiveRamp is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer (AA/EOE/W/M/Vet/Disabled) and does not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, promotion or other employment of associates or the awarding of subcontracts because of a person's race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, protected veteran, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics or other protected status. Qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for the position in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job? *        Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B status)? *     --  Yes  No    Please tell us briefly about a recent project you worked on and why you are proud of it (1-3 paragraphs).         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at LiveRamp are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Staff Frontend Engineer San Francisco, California Engineering Full-time Apply for this job About the team: AppDirect is the leading cloud service marketplace company dedicated to revolutionizing the way businesses run. We offer a cloud service marketplace and management platform that enables companies to distribute web-based services. The global network of AppDirect-powered marketplaces allows businesses to find, buy, and manage the best applications the cloud has to offer. With our award-winning platform, service providers can launch a state-of-the-art online application store within a matter of weeks, while developers can integrate once and make their software available across multiple marketplaces worldwide. Our products offer more advanced features and tools than any other competitive solution, putting AppDirect at the forefront of the rapidly evolving market for cloud services delivery. About you: We are rapidly expanding and looking to hire talented and ambitious software engineering talent in San Francisco. As a member of the team, you will create, grow, and manage a distributed network of marketplaces and applications. We love entrepreneurial spirit and those who bring experience from established organizations. You are a highly technical, hands-on developer with a passion for producing maintainable and robust code. You will design and develop well-tested software, build mission critical services, and APIs that scale with our increasingly elegant set of features. What you'll do and how you'll make an impact: Design, implement, and support scalable, fault-tolerant systems to minimize customer impact in case of failures Take on a leadership role in ensuring the coordination, planning and technical alignment of the team’s frontend resources Participate in the effort to move to a more service-oriented architecture Work shoulder to shoulder with some of the best people in different disciplines (engineering, product management, marketing, design, finance and sales) What you'll need: 10+ years of experience, 8 of which were developing in Javascript 2+ years working with React in the context of a SPA (using technology such as Redux, Webpack, Babel, etc) Experience building and distributing large-scale client applications regardless of framework or platform from scratch Experience with automating unit testing frameworks (i.e. Jest, Mocha) and/or E2E testing Strong desire to create an easily accessible, yet opinionated development environment Enough DevOps experience to build out a multi-environment (i.e. dev and prod) continuous deployment system (with the help of tools such as Jenkins, etc) Prior experience with Backbone.js or similar frameworks Enjoys product development (vs. pure platform work) Enjoys refactoring and adding polish to existing code Bonuses: Knowledge and experience with Javascript or related frameworks A GitHub, Quora or StackOverflow account that demonstrates what you love to do Interest or experience in data collection and visualization Interest and experience using Backbone.Js AppDirect is the leading platform for selling, distributing, and managing cloud-based products and services. Its flexible, modular technology enables organizations of all sizes to get to market quickly and cost effectively with an offering that meets their individual business needs. AppDirect-powered marketplaces, billing, distribution, reselling, and premium technical support services help providers—including Comcast, ADP, Zendesk, Deutsche Telekom and others—connect more than 30 million businesses to solutions from Microsoft, Google, GoDaddy, and more. AppDirect is headquartered in San Francisco with 13 global offices. We believe that the unique contributions of all AppDirectors is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. Apply for this job AppDirect Home Page Jobs powered by        Toggle navigation      About  Careers  Blog  Press  Book a Table            Careers / Technology   Customer Support  Design  Finance  Legal & Risk  Marketing  People & Culture  Product Management  Restaurant Sales and Services  Technology   Not seeing your team?   We build products that people love.                At OpenTable, we take pleasure in Software Design. We believe that velocity comes from a commitment to clean code and solid engineering principles. We deliver innovative products through rapid, continuous development. Millions of diners and thousands of restaurants around the globe use our products. If you are excited by constantly challenging engineering processes and can deliver exceptional quality in a fast-paced, agile environment, we'd like to meet you. Bonus points if you love restaurants too!            We work in an agile environment but structure is left up to each team.    We actively promote a DevOps culture, where infrastructure is code and software deploys itself.    We don’t always agree with each other, but we share a common passion.    If this sounds like you, check out our open positions below. We’d love to hear from you.                           Open positions on the finance team  San Francisco    Title of Position    Title of Position    Title of Position      London    Title of Position    Title of Position                Explore related teams, learn more about careers , or view every open position.       Customer Support      Design      Product Management                Featured Cities    Select a City   Atlanta Restaurants  Chicago Restaurants  Denver Restaurants  Las Vegas Restaurants  London Restaurants  Los Angeles Restaurants  New England Restaurants  New York Area Restaurants  Philadelphia Restaurants  San Francisco Restaurants  Seattle Restaurants  Washington DC Restaurants        Discover   Dining Rewards  Private Dining  Diners' Choice Winners  Reserve for Others     OpenTable   About  Careers  Blog  Press Room  Advertise     More   OpenTable.co.uk  OpenTable for iOS  OpenTable for Android  Affiliate Program  Contact Us  Help & Support     Restaurateurs   Delight More Diners   Join us on          © 2017 OpenTable, Inc. Privacy Policy  Terms of Use  Sitemap  Mobile              Senior Full Stack Engineer Engineering 703 Market Street, San Francisco, CA, United States Civic has built a visionary blockchain identity verification technology that allows consumers to authorize the use of their identities in real-time. We are spearheading the development of an ecosystem that is designed to facilitate on-demand, secure, and low-cost access to identity verification services via the blockchain. Civic’s mission is to provide every person on Earth with a digital identity that they can use to interact privately and securely with the world.  We envision a world where people can decide who they want to share their personal information with and what information gets shared. We have created a revolutionary platform to achieve this based on blockchain technology and have recently conducted one of the most well respected token sales in history!  We sold $33m worth of tokens that will allow us to deliver a Marketplace for transaction of trusted identities. This Marketplace will change both the economics and user experience of how trusted identity is used forever, opening up new use cases for how we  use identity.  For further reference on our token sale and how the ecosystem will work please click here and to read our whitepaper, click here . This is a truly unique opportunity to join our team and shape the future of Civic as we begin a massive growth phase in the company. We are looking for an experienced Full-Stack Software Engineer with at least 3+ years experience to help develop and support our Secure Identity Platform. Experience with blockchain, security protocols and overall ID Management is a big plus. Role Description: Design and implement REST APIs using a micro-service architecture powered by AWS infrastructure such as DynamoDB, Lambda(with Node.js, API Gateway, Kinesis and others; Design and Implement client-side Javascript libraries to Mobile and Web platforms Design and implement web applications using (MongoDB, React, Angular2, Meteor, Express) Design and Implement Blockchain technology (Services, libraries, Algorithms) using Javascript, Python, C, solidity Design and Implement high security technology (Services, libraries, Algorithms). Minimum Requirements: Ability to breakdown complex problems into smaller tasks Ability to transform high-level requirements into working software Strong understanding of object-oriented design and development Ability to deliver a full web or mobile application from scratch Energetic and motivated; eager to learn Experience and passion for test driven development is a must Prefered Requirements: Minimum 3 years work experience Experience with multi-tenant reliable (with SLA) cloud applications Experience with full-stack web development using Javascript frameworks such as MEAN/MERN stacks or equivalent Strong written and verbal communication Fast learner Work well in small teams and groups Self-disciplined and with strong attention to quality and details Understatement of blockchain and Cryptographic Comfortable working in a fast changing entrepreneurial environment Experience with mobile technologies (iOS or Android) a plus Understanding or working experience with private/public keys, encryption/decryption, signature/verify  Bonus skills: Understanding of DevOps concepts and best practices Experience with other web development platforms like Java, Python, PHP, .Net  Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms       Apply Now  Sales Engineer  at InfluxData  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Are you interested in Internet of Things (IOT), Real Time Streaming Analytics, DevOps, or building systems to solve very interesting real-world problems?  InfluxData is looking for our next Sales Engineer who not only has a love of technology but also has a passion for helping customers discover what is possible and designing solutions to solve problems.  In this role, you will partner with the Enterprise and Territory sales team members in addition to the Professional Services, Support, Product Management and Engineering teams to educate prospects and customers, contribute to future product requirements and ultimately increase revenue and growing our customer base.  We are open to candidates in the San Francisco Bay Area and Chicago.    What you’ll be doing:   Work closely with the InfluxData Sales team to drive revenue  From a technical perspective, own the sales cycle, working with your partners on the sales team  Maintain the technical relationship with your customers  Be an advocate for prospects and customers with the InfluxData Engineering, Product and Support Teams  Build strong relationships across teams  Educate prospects and customers about InfluxData products and how they can be leveraged  Understand the needs of prospects and customers, helping them design solutions addressing their requirements and exploring the “Art of the Possible”  Develop a deep understanding of the InfluxData products and technologies and work closely with Engineering and Sales to resolve critical technical issues  Write content for blogs, community, etc.   Your skills and experience:   4+ years experience as a Sales Engineer in an Enterprise Software company  Excellent presentations skills (verbal & written)  A creative mindset to help customers realize what is possible and the ability to be able to explain complex technical problems in a simple way  Proven ability to build relationships at all levels, internally and externally  Coding chops.  Whether your language of choice is Go Lang, Java, Python, Ruby or even shell, it’s important for members of the field team to be capable of cracking open an editor and digging in to better help our customers  Linux Beyond the Fundamentals. The more knowledge you have of Linux the better. Hands on with multiple distributions is a plus  Ability to travel at least 30% of the time  Proven experience remaining flexible and adaptable in a constantly changing environment   A plus if you have:   A background with any sort of database system whether its relational, key-value store, or a document store.  Basic SQL wouldn’t hurt either.  Knowledge or experience with Containers and/or orchestration technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, Consul, Apache Mesos or DC/OS  Open Source Software and Git.  Data.  InfluxData is about time-series data  Architectures- having an understanding or background of distributed or clustered systems will definitely help  Experience with Cloud Providers such as AWS, GCE, or Microsoft Azure     InfluxData provides a modern time series platform that has been designed from the ground up to handle metrics and events (time-series data). The InfluxData platform is built on the open source projects – Telegraf, InfluxDB, Chronograf, and Kapacitor.  We're backed by Mayfield Fund, Trinity Ventures, and Battery Ventures.  We offer fantastic benefits including:   Medical/ dental/vision insurance with 100% coverage for employees and dependents  Company contribution to FSA and Commuter benefits  Open PTO - take the time you need  Life Insurance, Short and Long Term Disability Insurance  401k (non matching)  ....and more!   Visit our careers page to learn more about working at InfluxData.  InfluxData is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.  InfluxData does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters and recruitment agencies through our website, job board or directly to employees. InfluxData will not pay fees to any third-party agency, headhunter or company that does not have a signed agreement for this position in place.          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job?       Are you authorized to work in the US without sponsorship? *     --  Yes  No    Are you located in either the Chicago area or San Francisco Bay Area? *     --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at InfluxData are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.     Application consent for InfluxData  By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:  InfluxData collects your personal data for the purposes of managing InfluxData’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, InfluxData may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.  InfluxData does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, InfluxData has international sites and InfluxData uses resources located throughout the world. InfluxData may from time to time also use third parties to act on InfluxData’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within InfluxData group of companies as well as to third parties acting on InfluxData’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided InfluxData with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.       I Accept               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Principal Software Engineer, Platform San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Platform team works to improve underlying technologies at SquareTrade and to enable all application teams to work faster and build scalable systems. Your work will directly impact all of the company as you work closely with the product teams to understand how business direction impacts our technology and scaling needs. You will be working closely with the Platform team to improve our existing systems and build for the future. Our team believes in making an extraordinary impact. We do this by challenging each other to have a mindset of constant improvement, automating everything, thinking to scale, and doing high quality work. We work in a fast paced agile environment with modern technologies. We believe that the challenges are still ahead of us. In the next year SquareTrade is expected to have major growth and will be building our next generation microservices-based systems Key Responsibilities Include: Re-architect and refactor existing back-end systems to scale Own architecture and implementation of SquareTrade’s next generation kubernetes-based microservices platform Code. A lot of it, every day. QUALIFICATIONS: BS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering is REQUIRED 8-10+  years of professional software development experience in Java-based enterprise applications Extensive experience scaling messaging-based backend systems Experience migrating large enterprise systems into microservices-based architecture Strong experience in JEE, ORM Frameworks, SQL, Linux, Spring, Spring Cloud, Netflix OSS, REST based services, Mesosphere/Kubernetes stack Worked with DevOps technologies such as Puppet/Chef, Ansible, Docker, etc. Experience with CI/CD - Gradle, Jenkins, Cloudbee, etc. Top-notch communication and influence skills! Must be able to work effectively across the entire department SOME OF THE BENEFITS OF WORKING @ SQUARETRADE INCLUDE: Not feeling stuck! This team has exposure to many different parts of the business, making transitioning easy...we work on developing careers based on what people enjoy! Competitive salaries, benefits (medical, dental, vision), unlimited PTO, full 401k matching Respect for your work-life balance Free lunch and breakfast and unlimited snacks and drinks A paid volunteer day to give back to the community Discounted Gym memberships Company activities (from happy hours, winery trips, and picnics in the park to running a 5k) SquareTrade is the fastest growing company of its kind. We’re revolutionizing a $30b industry with innovation and attention to customer satisfaction. We’ve already partnered with some of the largest, most sophisticated retailers in the world (Amazon, Bose, and Costco to name a few), have more than 240,000 fans on Facebook, consistently win industry awards and have received tens of thousands of 5-star reviews...and we’re not done yet! The Team: http://www.squaretrade.com/leadership Apply for this job SquareTrade Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Senior Software Engineer - Full Stack  at Haven  (View all jobs)  San Francisco      About Haven    Haven is the SaaS-based technology company that thoughtfully advances global trade.    Global trade has grown beyond human scale. Increasingly complex routes and higher stakes demand more efficient systems. Haven believes open collaboration and access to information are key to enabling faster, smarter, and more reliable freight shipping. That’s why we build powerful technologies to foster improved communication between companies, decrease trade roadblocks, and mitigate the inherent risks in global trade. Haven is built for companies that ship large volumes of cargo in need of a powerful, easy-to-use tool that allows them to negotiate, ship, and track across thousands of providers and destinations through a single unified platform.     Senior Software Engineer    As a full-stack senior software engineer at Haven you’ll flex your superior engineering skills and impressive architectural acumen to transform global trade. You’ll join a team of crazy smart engineers to remake the industry that moves 90% of all physical goods in the world. Day to day you’ll be a coder working on our platform using the StrongLoop/LoopBack application framework built on top of NodeJS and Express, with an AngularJS UI . You’ll embrace our lean approach towards product and development and jump aboard the MVP, test, iterate weekly or multiple times per week dev/release cycle.     About You    Product minded  Smart, efficient coder  Strong software design & architectural skills  Entrepreneurial thinker  Experience with agile, scrum, lean development  A friend to the product managers & designers of the world   Requirements   Bachelor's degree and 4+ years experience or Masters degree with 2+  Experience with Node.js and Angular  Experience with test/automation frameworks (Mocha, Selenium)  Relational and non-Relational (NoSQL) Databases (MYSQL, PostgreSQL)  Amazon AWS experience a plus!  Basic to Intermediate DevOps knowledge (calculate the netmask of a /27? Awesome!)   Benefits   Yearly Travel Bonus  Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need  Excellent health care plan (medical / dental / vision)  401(k)​               Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Haven are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                                 1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Lead Network Security Engineer, Infrastructure Security     Job Category:   Technical Operations     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ) US - Washington - Bellevue     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        The Security team at Salesforce is building a brand new platform for managing inter-service access management. We are looking at a state-of-the-art framework that provides automated translation from user specifications of service access rules to various access control points in our cloud infrastructure where these rules are enforced. This control platform spawns different networking layers (from containers, VMs, physical servers and networking devices) as well as technologies (network segmentation, firewalls, hypervisor and tenants controls). This is a great opportunity for engineers that want a comprehensive technical growth as it involves developing skills on three coordinates: - Networking: Exploring and implementing solutions at various OSI layers and devices, from physical hosts to containers to network switches, from VXLAN to BGP - Development: Architecting and coding microservices in OOO languages (Golang, Python, etc). No strings attached, just coding on a clean canvas. - Security: Experimenting with access control techniques, management and monitoring of communication among services. Responsibilities:  Designing and implementing networking access management solutions (software or hardware-based) across different technological stacks (physical devices, bare metal OS, hypervisors, VMs, Docker containers) in Salesforce’s private and public clouds Optimizing access control management from policy declaration to enforcement points (network ACLs, firewalls, iptables, etc.) Researching and implementing new networking security solutions and platforms for service communication and access management (intra and inter-clouds, WAN) Performing datacenter network architecture security assessments and architecting IaaS/PaaS platforms to harden security and availability posture Developing and managing production services that support network security infrastructure in a full DevOps model   Requirements:  8+ years of technical experience, including: 3+ years experience in operating networking or networking security infrastructure 3+ years experience in a high-availability 24x7x365 environment (cloud platforms are a plus)  Expertise in OSI model and datacenter infrastructure networking (host bootstrap to data lifecycle DHCP, gateway discovery, DNS, TCP, ...) Hands-on expertise in networking security development, in either or both Hardware: switch ACLs, stateful firewalls, network segmentation, security zones, etc Software: iptables, ipsec, VM/Container technologies (OpenStack Neutron, Calico), IDSs, RBACs, VPCs  Demonstrated understanding of general Unix/Linux systems (e.g., CentOS, RHEL, Solaris, or similar) Proficiency in at least one of the following OOO programming languages: Golang, Java, C++, Python, C#   Desired Skills/Experience:  M.Sc/M.Eng in Computer Science/Engineering or B.A/B.Sc. in same disciplines with equivalent years of experience Hands-on expertise in building datacenter (security) networking infrastructure, especially for large cloud PaaS Experience in software-based networking technologies (SLB, SDN, VXLAN, VPN) Experience working with systems from one or more of the following vendors: Hardware: Palo Alto, Fortinet, Arista, Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, Force 10, F5 Networks, Gigamon. Software: OpenStack Neutron, Calico, Illumio, Vmware overlays  Proven track of building large-scale PaaS or IaaS, leveraging well-known distributed systems technologies (Paxos, Raft, Zookeeper, Kafka, RabbitMQ, MongoDB, etc…) Strong command over high-availability design, including multi-site routing, peering, and disaster recovery applications and network architectures DevOps mindset and strong ownership over owned code (test, monitor, deploy, maintain) Automation/scripting skill for configuration management/monitoring        Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” five years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. LI-Y*        Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Lead Network Security Engineer, Infrastructure Security position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  TodayAbout Loom Systems Loom is the most advanced AI software for log analysis. Our mission is to help the world build confidence in digital systems. With Loom, companies can predict and prevent problems in their digital systems with the help of AI. The logs from different layers of IT (applications, infrastructure, security, etc.) are ingested automatically by Loom to uncover insights and act on them instantly. Loom is growing super fast and is backed by top investors with the team to execute on our vision. we hope you're the person to take part in this amazing journey! About the role Our Sales Engineers are critical in presenting the value of Loom Systems' capabilities to a broad set of prospects. As we continue to grow our Sales organization, Sales Engineers are collaborating with Account Executives as a trusted advisor to customers working to tie Loom's solutions to their business needs. Our SEs need to be able to clearly articulate the technical benefits and requirements of Loom to IT managers and DevOps leaders, and express the value of our product to high-level executives. In the first month, you will become a Loom AI expert on both features and functionality as well as implementation. You will be given the opportunity to shadow customer calls and demos with current Sales Engineers and Account Executives while learning how to articulate our value proposition. You will be trained on Loom's internal systems and tools in order to be set up for success. Within the first three months, you will be directly involved in deal cycles with Enterprise and Strategic Account Executives. You will be leading the technical qualification for customer’s use cases as well as delivering customized implementations for prospects. You will have a clear understanding of how Loom is implemented across all platforms and be able to guide customers towards the right solution for their needs. Your job will be critical in setting expectations for a successful Loom implementation and prepare both internal and external teams for long-term success. Responsibilities Partner with Account Executives to drive revenue growth by serving as the key technical contact for the customer. Develop relationships and uncover the needs of key technical stakeholders. Approach all deals with a customer-first mentality. Complete RFP’s and Security Questionnaires. Work cross-functionally with different organizations such as Sales, Marketing, Customer Success, Product, Engineering and Legal. Actively utilize Salesforce to track deal activity and customer requirements. Be the “Voice of the Prospect” by collecting feedback from customers and delivering to the Product team. Qualifications 3-5 years of experience in a Sales Engineering or related role. You have experience delivering product/POC demonstrations to C-level Executives. You have worked with IT technologies and feel comfortable learning new tools fast. You understand how root cause analysis is done using logs and have done it yourself. You have the ability and desire to learn independently. You have experience and curiosity in the analytics and AI space. Ability to travel. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Sales Engineering: 3 years       Apply Now  Sales Engineer  at InfluxData  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Are you interested in Internet of Things (IOT), Real Time Streaming Analytics, DevOps, or building systems to solve very interesting real-world problems?  InfluxData is looking for our next Sales Engineer who not only has a love of technology but also has a passion for helping customers discover what is possible and designing solutions to solve problems.  In this role, you will partner with the Enterprise and Territory sales team members in addition to the Professional Services, Support, Product Management and Engineering teams to educate prospects and customers, contribute to future product requirements and ultimately increase revenue and growing our customer base.  We are open to candidates in the San Francisco Bay Area and Chicago.    What you’ll be doing:   Work closely with the InfluxData Sales team to drive revenue  From a technical perspective, own the sales cycle, working with your partners on the sales team  Maintain the technical relationship with your customers  Be an advocate for prospects and customers with the InfluxData Engineering, Product and Support Teams  Build strong relationships across teams  Educate prospects and customers about InfluxData products and how they can be leveraged  Understand the needs of prospects and customers, helping them design solutions addressing their requirements and exploring the “Art of the Possible”  Develop a deep understanding of the InfluxData products and technologies and work closely with Engineering and Sales to resolve critical technical issues  Write content for blogs, community, etc.   Your skills and experience:   4+ years experience as a Sales Engineer in an Enterprise Software company  Excellent presentations skills (verbal & written)  A creative mindset to help customers realize what is possible and the ability to be able to explain complex technical problems in a simple way  Proven ability to build relationships at all levels, internally and externally  Coding chops.  Whether your language of choice is Go Lang, Java, Python, Ruby or even shell, it’s important for members of the field team to be capable of cracking open an editor and digging in to better help our customers  Linux Beyond the Fundamentals. The more knowledge you have of Linux the better. Hands on with multiple distributions is a plus  Ability to travel at least 30% of the time  Proven experience remaining flexible and adaptable in a constantly changing environment   A plus if you have:   A background with any sort of database system whether its relational, key-value store, or a document store.  Basic SQL wouldn’t hurt either.  Knowledge or experience with Containers and/or orchestration technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, Consul, Apache Mesos or DC/OS  Open Source Software and Git.  Data.  InfluxData is about time-series data  Architectures- having an understanding or background of distributed or clustered systems will definitely help  Experience with Cloud Providers such as AWS, GCE, or Microsoft Azure     InfluxData provides a modern time series platform that has been designed from the ground up to handle metrics and events (time-series data). The InfluxData platform is built on the open source projects – Telegraf, InfluxDB, Chronograf, and Kapacitor.  We're backed by Mayfield Fund, Trinity Ventures, and Battery Ventures.  We offer fantastic benefits including:   Medical/ dental/vision insurance with 100% coverage for employees and dependents  Company contribution to FSA and Commuter benefits  Open PTO - take the time you need  Life Insurance, Short and Long Term Disability Insurance  401k (non matching)  ....and more!   Visit our careers page to learn more about working at InfluxData.  InfluxData is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.  InfluxData does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters and recruitment agencies through our website, job board or directly to employees. InfluxData will not pay fees to any third-party agency, headhunter or company that does not have a signed agreement for this position in place.          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job?       Are you authorized to work in the US without sponsorship? *     --  Yes  No    Are you located in either the Chicago area or San Francisco Bay Area? *     --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at InfluxData are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.     Application consent for InfluxData  By clicking the “I Accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:  InfluxData collects your personal data for the purposes of managing InfluxData’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. Consequently, InfluxData may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.  InfluxData does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. However, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, InfluxData has international sites and InfluxData uses resources located throughout the world. InfluxData may from time to time also use third parties to act on InfluxData’s behalf. You agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within InfluxData group of companies as well as to third parties acting on InfluxData’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided InfluxData with your personal data. Such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America.       I Accept               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               The Technical Lead / Architect will play a crucial role in the development of our software products. As a Lead Full Stack Engineer, you will be responsible for driving the requirement analysis, system architecture, design and implementation of eCommerce systems, applications, and frameworks, developing the software components as per design, integrate Front-end components with Back-end services, unit testing of individual components, and utilizing superior communications skills to work seamlessly across cross-functional teams. As a Technical lead / Architect, essential job functions will include the following: Collaborate with PM, mobile/Web & Service developers, designers, and conversion marketing to quickly ship new featured front-end and back-end experiments Implement the design by developing software components using TypeScript, Angular 4, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, React, API development, Amazon Web Services, and JQuery Write modular, secure, and well-tested back-end and front-end code Designing and developing RESTful web services Build and conduct unit tests and system tests Provide code review corrections and feedback in a professional and skill building way Make updates to the SQL Server database schema according to the design Keep up to date in advancements in technologies and frameworks Monitor and maintain continuous integration system after the development of new components Resolve technical issues through debugging, research, and investigation Create and enhance technical documentation around systems and processes Required education: Bachelor’s or Master's in Computer Science Java, Javascript, Microservices, Fullstack, Full stack, React, Angular, API, E-Commerce, AWS, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, DevOps, Frontend, Backend, Architect, Technical Lead Job Type: Full-time Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: iOS or Android: 2 years Javascript: 5 years React: 2 years Java: 5 years Technical Lead / Architect: 3 years Angular: 3 years Required license or certification: AWS      Apply Now  Senior Engineer, DevOps  at LiveRamp  San Francisco, CA    LiveRamp is looking for SRE/DevOps engineers to help us maintain and grow our existing infrastructure and automate the construction and maintenance of new cloud platforms. Our technology enables customers to measure the impact of digital marketing on sales and deliver messages to consumers on virtually any channel or device.  We run a hybrid colo/cloud environment with thousands of  physical servers, virtual servers and containers. We are responsible for ensuring high availability of an infrastructure that processes billions of customer records on a daily basis.  Leave your ego at the door, roll up your sleeves and start solving huge challenges as soon as you begin.  Vision/Mission: Delivering Engineering Products for LiveRamp at Speed   Keep the Lights On for our existing infrastructure  Automate the provisioning and operation of secure local and hosted infrastructure platforms for LiveRamp  Collaborate with engineering teams to construct and optimize the software build pipeline  Help facilitate ownership of application infrastructure by Dev teams  Function as stewards for shared data, services, tools, processes and libraries  Reduce System Cost   A Day in the Life of a LiveRamp Senior Engineer, DevOps:   Build our new cloud platform on AWS while helping maintain the existing co-located infrastructure  Treat infrastructure as code leveraging tools like Github, Jenkins, Chef, Docker, and Kubernetes  Monitor and detect issues using tools like Datadog and Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana. If a problem occurs in production enough times, engineer a solution rather than manually fix it  Work closely with developers to solve system problems around Hadoop, YARN and other shared systems/services. Blur the line between ops and development  Follow your own muse and engineer whatever interests you in one of our four Hackweeks every year   You are an ideal candidate if you:   Have 3+ years of DevOps-like work experience and have a passion for infrastructure and helping your fellow developer  Have a startup personality and enjoy working as part of a team: smart, ethical, friendly, hard-working, and productive  Working knowledge of Hadoop/HDFS/YARN architecture, maintenance and debugging. Our cluster has over 45 PB of data and >70 PB of HDFS available. We’re also experimenting with Spark and other cool tools from the Hadoop ecosystem  Have working knowledge of AWS, Containers and Kubernetes  Have working knowledge of software build pipelines and tools like GHE, Jenkins, Artifactory, etc  Treat infrastructure as code. Seeking someone with at least two languages of comfort, such as Ruby, Bash, Java, Python, Perl, or Go  Working knowledge of TCP/IP, ICMP, SSH, LDAP, DNS, and other low-level network things   Benefits:   People. Work with talented, collaborative, and friendly people who love what they do.  Stock  Unlimited paid time off  Competitive Medical, dental, & vision insurance  401K Matching  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)  Commuter benefits  Catered meals & stocked kitchen  Events including games nights, happy hours, camping trips and sporting leagues   More about us:  LiveRamp is the leader in data connectivity, helping the world’s largest brands use their data to improve customer interactions on any channel and device. We thrive on mind-bending technical challenges and value entrepreneurship, humility, and constant personal growth.  There is so much more that we want to build and that we could continue to improve. We value strong engineers who are agile enough to hit the ground running and tackle challenges.  To all recruitment agencies: LiveRamp does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, LiveRamp employees or any other company location. LiveRamp is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.  LiveRamp is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer (AA/EOE/W/M/Vet/Disabled) and does not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, promotion or other employment of associates or the awarding of subcontracts because of a person's race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, protected veteran, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics or other protected status. Qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for the position in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job?       Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B status)? *     --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at LiveRamp are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Job Summary San Francisco in person interview required. Key Skills- 10 years overall experience. 5+ years of experience with cloud computing solutions such as Google Compute Engine, Rackspace, MicrosoftAzure, AWS, etc. Python Full Stack development experience using, NodeJS, etc 5 years' experience with architecting and implementing Deployment Automation and Configuration Management tools like Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, etc Site Reliability, Dev Ops Engineer Job Overview: The Staff Engineer, DevOps will work with the technology development team. This role will contribute to an atmosphere of cross-functional full-stack teamwork, and must have a good understanding of CI / CD eco systems and best-practices, as well as with architecting and implementing cloud agnostic immutable infrastructure solutions. Perform other duties as assigned. Essential Functions: Architect / Design and implement/support the next generation continuous delivery platform Implement self-healing / immutable services that development can rely on Design and implement deployment automation from code check-in to production Proactively seek opportunities to implement improvements in the development process and deployment pipeline Champion Test-Driven Development, Acceptance-Test-Driven Development, and Agile best-practices, processes, and tools in support of DevOps processes Evaluate the applications deployed in production and make recommendations to improve security, scalability, performance and availability Implement immutable / self-healing / Auto-scaling infrastructure for the CI / CD eco system Consistently demonstrates regular, dependable attendance & punctuality Qualifications: Education/Experience: BS Degree in Computer Science/Engineering and 8 years professional experience or MS Degree in Computer Science/Engineering and 5 years professional experience Experience with virtualization concepts and technologies and experience designing, installing,administering, and troubleshooting in a cloud environment (public / private / hybrid) Python Full Stack development experience using, NodeJS, etc Experience with working with multiple Operating systems and devices is a big plus Experience with various scripting and programming languages such as Perl, Python, Shell Scripting, Jython, Ruby, JSON, Java, REST services 5 years' experience with architecting and implementing Deployment Automation and Configuration Management tools like Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, etc Familiarity with Jira, Slack, GitHub and other tools to support and automate the dev stack. 3+ years of experience with cloud computing solutions such as Google Compute Engine, Rackspace, MicrosoftAzure, AWS, etc Demonstrated knowledge of standard IP networking technologies, switching, routing, firewalls, load balancing, DNS, DHCP, etc High-level understanding of software systems design and technical concepts Broad exposure to Open Source tools to include automation, security, networking and database. Big plus if candidate is an active open source community contributor Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent collaboration skills Job Type: Contract Salary: $70.00 /hour Job Location: San Francisco, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: DevOps: 5 years Python: 5 years Chef, Puppet, Jenkins: 5 years        All jobs → DevOps Engineer   DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · FTE_01_17   Description New Context is a rapidly growing consulting company in the heart of downtown San Francisco.  We specialize in Lean Security: an approach that leads organizations to build better software thru hands-on technical and management consulting. We are a group of engineers who live and breath Agile Infrastructure, Systems Automation, Cloud Orchestration, and Information Security. As a New Context DevOps Engineer you will be expected to provide technical leadership with a hands-on approach. On a daily basis you will be interfacing with our clients and other New Context team members while working from the New Context office, at client sites, or from your home. Expect to heavily leverage open source software to tackle challenges like delivery of highly secured containers to IoT devices or building Big Data ecosystems at petabyte scale and beyond. Requirements Who you are: Seasoned Technical Veteran  3+ years work experience in a DevOps or Continuous Integration role  Experience with highly available and high-performance open source web technologies  Existing familiarity (or the eagerness to learn) Ruby and/or Python is helpful  Excellent communication skills  Experience working with external clients and customers  Translate complex concepts to business customers  Team Player & Independent Thinker  You must be able to think on your feet, communicate constantly and professionally, and above all else meet the expectations of our clients.  Ability to communicate productively with customers to explain the technical aspects and project status.  Value Driven & Integrity At New Context, our core values are Humility, Integrity, Quality & Passion and this is lived by our employees every day! Technology we use: Automation Chef, Puppet, Docker, Ansible, Salt, Automated Testing Containerization Ecosystem Docker, Mesosphere, Rancher, CoreOS, Kubernetes Cloud & Virtualization AWS, Google Compute Engine, OpenStack, Cloudstack, kvm, libvirt Tools Jenkins, Atlassian Suite, Pivotal Tracker, Vagrant, Git Monitoring SysDig, Data Dog, AppDynamics, New Relic, Nagios, Zabbix Databases/Datastores Cassandra, Hadoop, Redis, postgresql, MySQL Security Compliance standards, firewalls, scanners, OSSEC Languages Ruby, Python, GO Our Methodologies Agile, Lean, DevOps, TDD, pair programming Please note that for remote applicants (to San Francisco) 25% travel is required for this position.    Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             New Context
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.  New Context website  Powered by Workable     Explore Amazon Jobs Home Review application status Amazon culture & benefits Locations Teams Job categories Help English Čeština Deutsch English English, British Español (Europeo) Français Italiano 日本語 Polski Português, Brasil 简体中文 Devops Engineer - Goodreads Job ID: 589658 | Goodreads LLC Apply now DESCRIPTION With over 65 million users, 68 million reviews, and 2 billion books, Goodreads is the world’s largest site for readers and book recommendations. Founded in 2007, Goodreads is where readers find and share books they love. Loved by avid and casual readers alike, Goodreads members can discover new books by seeing what their friends are reading or by using the Goodreads Book Recommendation Engine, share ratings and recommendations, track what they have read, and list what they want to read. Goodreads is also a place where more than 100,000 authors connect with readers. Goodreads is a subsidiary of Amazon, Inc. The Foundation team at Goodreads ensures that our rapidly growing user base experiences a website and mobile apps that are fast, secure, and highly available. We build tools and processes that enable our engineers to quickly deliver features that delight our users. As our DevOps Engineer, you will create and adopt new tools and processes that enhance our operational efficiency, stability & security. You will still be expected to code about 60% of the time, and should be comfortable working in an environment where code is pushed into production multiple times per day. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS · 4+ years of experience in DevOps and/or systems development · Understanding of Service-Oriented Architecture (SoA) and operations. · Experience building sophisticated and highly automated infrastructure in a real-world production environment. · Experience building systems to audit and measure the health, availability & scalability of various services · Strong understanding of scripting languages (Ruby or Python), REST APIs, and standard Linux command line utilities PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS · Experience building tools & frameworks for a team of 30+ developers building features for a large-scale consumer website · Experience with using configuration management systems like Chef & Puppet in a production environments with many nodes. · Experience with monitoring frameworks like Nagios, Sensu, Icinga · Experience with AWS technologies like EC2, Aurora, ElasticCache · Experience with build & deploy pipelines · Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalling. Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Job details San Francisco Bay Area, CA San Francisco, California Goodreads Systems, Quality, & Security Engineering Share this job JOIN US ON Find Careers Job Categories Teams Locations Military recruiting Fulfillment center jobs Working At Amazon Culture Benefits Pioneer stories Diversity at Amazon Our leadership principles Help FAQ How to apply Review application status Disability accommodations EU Data policy Give us Feedback Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. Privacy and Data Impressum © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.Subscriptions Profile Company Admin Sign out About Cisco   AppDynamics is now part of Cisco  Learn More Product Product Features Overview  Application Performance Management  End-User Monitoring  Business Performance Monitoring APP iQ PLATFORM Visibility and dashboards for managing application, customer experience, and business performance LEARN MORE Pricing Overview FAQ Solutions Use Cases DevOps Monitoring Business Performance Microservices Cloud Migration Continuous Delivery Cloud Monitoring For Developers Java .Net PHP Node.js C++ Python Apache Web Server Go Security and Availability Business Transactions Extensibility Industry Financial Services Government Healthcare Insurance Retail Media and Entertainment Telecom Role IT Operations CIO App Development Business Owner and Analyst Mobile Development CMO Resources Resources Overview Webinars Events Extensions AppDynamics University Community Documentation AppDynamics Essentials Getting Started Take a Guided Tour This quick guided tour walks you through AppDynamics APM’s industry-leading features and benefits Take a tour Customers See All Case Studies  RETAIL | Container Store  TECHNOLOGY | Cisco  Financial Services | Nasdaq Company Overview What is AppDynamics? Leadership Press Blog Partners Careers Contact Us Help & Support START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In Sign in Account Company Careers About Cisco   AppDynamics is now part of Cisco  Learn More START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In  Product Product Features Overview  Application Performance Management  End-User Monitoring  Business Performance Monitoring APP iQ PLATFORM Pricing Overview  FAQ Solutions Use Cases DevOps  Monitoring Business Performance  Microservices  Cloud Migration  Continuous Delivery  Cloud Monitoring For Developers Java  .Net  PHP  Node.js  C++  Python  Apache Web Server  Go  Security and Availability  Business Transactions  Extensibility Industry Financial Services  Government  Healthcare  Insurance  Retail  Media and Entertainment  Telecom Role IT Operations  CIO  App Development  Business Owner and Analyst  Mobile Development  CMO Resources Resources Overview  Webinars  Events  Extensions  AppDynamics University  Community  Documentation  AppDynamics Essentials  Getting Started  Take a Guided Tour Customers See All Case Studies RETAIL | Container Store  TECHNOLOGY | Cisco  Financial Services | Nasdaq Company Overview  What is AppDynamics?  Leadership  Press  Blog  Partners  Careers  Contact Us Help & Support  Sign in Account Subscriptions  Profile  Sign out Company Careers  Sorry, iframes are not supported. Quick Links Product Pricing Solutions Company Careers Partners Supply Chain Transparency AppDynamics Read more about how AppDynamics Integrated Network Visibility can help facilitate collaboration between teams and b… https://t.co/au7ue4vla8 3 days, 6 hours ago See more from @AppDynamics > Latest from the Blog Subscribe to the AppDynamics Blog Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form Trending Topics What is AppDynamics? Breaking Down IoT Introducing Business iQ Cloud Migration Gartner Magic Quadrant (APM) Build and Scale Microservices About Cisco & AppDynamics Help Community Support Portal Documentation Resources Contact Us Copyright © 2009 - 2017 AppDynamics. All Rights Reserved. English (UK)  English (USA)  Deutsche  Français  日本語  English (USA) Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Security          Apply Now  Infrastructure Security Engineer  at Patreon  (View all jobs)  San Francisco     We’re looking for someone to be our first dedicated infrastructure security engineer. Help keep Patreon's data, our employees, and our millions of users safe.  We work hard to maintain a bottom-up decision-making culture. We empower our employees by providing a clear vision and tools to fulfill that vision. We believe that hiring smart, ambitious people, and giving them strong ownership of their work leads to the best results.  What you will get to do:    Build and maintain the state of the art systems that help make Patreon more secure .  Instrument and monitor our systems and networks; investigating unusual activity.  Automate the detection, monitoring and reporting of vulnerabilities.  Collaborate with great folks in Patreon’s Dev O ps and E ngineering teams to advise on best practices .  Automate tooling and process es to eliminate as much manual work as possible .  Harden our systems and network against exploitation and privilege escalation.  I mprove signal detection and alerting capab ilities .  Help ensure our creators’ livelihoods are protected from bad actors.    Skills and experience you possess :    E njoy designing and implementing effective attack detection technologies to protect network boundaries and keep systems secure.  T horough familiarity with techniques used by real world attackers and are able to prioritize efforts based on this knowledge.  Willing ness to compromise when n ecessary and hold firm when it's essential .  Proficiency in at least one modern scripting language .  Solid understanding of web application and database architecture .  Experience creating readable, tested, maintainable code .  Enjoy working with others .  Ha ve worked with operations teams and understands the importance of D ev O ps .  Understand cryptography concepts and their applications .  Able to prioritize your work within a fast-moving team .   U seful skills   Experience hosting 3rd party pen  tests  Familiarity with AWS  Experience with bug bounty programs  Experience with incident response  Experience with configuration management tools  ( especially Ansible )    Who you’ll work with:    An energetic team full of passion for our product.  Teammates who excel not only at their job but often have artistic talents.  Teammates who are committed to challenging the status quo and make sure our culture at Patreon is among the most diverse and inclusive places to work.          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                CLOSE    Skip to content  Home  About   About Us  Our Story  Culture  Testimonials  Community Outreach  Awards & Recognition  Internal Opportunities  TekPartners Incentive Program    Leadership Team   Executive Leadership  Corporate Leadership  Field Leadership    Services   Professional Staffing  Managed Services  IT Project Solutions    Search Jobs  Newsroom   The Techie Times Archive    Locations  Contact Us   Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Menu                 Job Detail      Search Jobs DevOps Software Developer Profession: Information Technology Specialty: Software Engineer City: San Francisco State: CA Status: Open Term: Direct Hire Job Id: 55566 Description Title: DevOps Software Developer  Location: San Francisco, CA  Direct Hire/FTE  Salary based on Experience   Overview:  As a DevOps Software Engineer, you'll be embedded on a development team consisting between 8-30 people where you can work on the next generation of internet software. You'll get to work directl y with other Developers, Software Testers, Business Analysts, Product Managers, and Directors, all of whom make up the team. In this highly-collaborative environment, you will have the opportunity to grow as a software engineer, and even help mentor others. Are you ready to get started?  Requirements:      3+ years of experience in web technologies utilizing SOA patterns and REST  5+ years relevant experience with Ruby/Java/C# programming languages  5+ years of hands-on experience developing enterprise software  3+ years of experience creating infrastructure with "Infrastructure as Code" tools like Chef  Experience with microservice architectures, containers, RabbitMQ is a plus  Familiarity with Cloud based Software-as-a-Service applications  Familiarity using open source frameworks is a plus  Relevant experience with SQL relational databases  Experience with NoSQL databases (MongoDB), Angular, and Spring is a plus  Knowledge of OOP design and patterns  Strong use of source code repositories, like GIT and understanding of GIT workflow  Willingness to learn new technologies  Experience with Open Stack, ESX, or other comparable cloud management solutions  Experience/passion establishing CI/CD pipelines in cloud based infrastructure  Agile software development experience including test-driven development and extreme programming methodologies.  Agile or Lean experience with Kanban or Scrum Programming methodologies preferred  Self-motivated, positive team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills     Education/Certification/License: A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, IT or related field is a plus  Travel Requirement: Limited travel upon request    This job description has been written to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.   3173661 TekPartners Quick Apply    First Name * Last Name * Email *   Phone * City State State Alabama Arizona Alaska Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip Code Resume Tracking ID Pageview ID Visitor ID Job ID Source Name Profession Specialty Title Download Resume              More Info Contact Corporate Headquarters 5810 Coral Ridge Drive Suite 250 Coral Springs, FL 33076 Phone: 954.656.8600 Fax: 954.282.6070  HQ@tekpartners.com Similar Positions Lead Linux Engineeer in Chicago IL Enterprise Infrastructure Project Manager in Miami FL Systems Engineer in Murfreesboro TN Hot Jobs Sharepoint Developer in Boca Raton FL Service Now Developer in Doral FL Senior Storage Engineer  in Miami FL Job Detail Page                 Email  Phone  Location  Social  Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Copyright © 2012 – 2017 TekPartners                                Sign in  Candidate registration          Candidate registration        Login  Forgot password        Forgot password       Sign in  Candidate registration                           QUESTIONS?  1-800-667-6389        Contact Us               Login              Products              Products Overview       Pricing         SELL FASTER AND SMARTER       Salesforce Lightning   Help reps sell the way they want, faster.           Learn how         Meet Salesforce Einstein   Introducing artificial intelligence for everyone in your business.           Learn more                                 SALES       Sales Cloud   Sales force automation and CRM        SalesforceIQ   The smart, simple CRM to grow your business        Salesforce Quote-to-Cash   Configure, price, quote (CPQ) and billing automation        Data.com   B2B prospecting and data cleansing        INDUSTRIES       Financial Services Cloud   CRM for banking, insurance, wealth management, and more        Health Cloud   CRM for managing patient relationships        COMMERCE       Commerce Cloud   Digital commerce, point of sale, and order management         SERVICE       Service Cloud   Fully customizable support and help desk        Desk.com   All-in-one customer support for small business        ANALYTICS       Analytics Cloud   Business analytics on any data, any device        Wave Apps   Apps that drive sales insight and customer delight        COMMUNITY       Community Cloud   Connect customers, partners, and employees        Chatter   Enterprise social network         MARKETING       Marketing Cloud   Digital marketing platform        Pardot   B2B marketing automation        Krux   Data management platform        PLATFORM AND APPS       App Cloud   The #1 platform as a service        AppExchange   App, component, and consultant marketplace        Force.com   Lightning apps for everyone        Heroku Enterprise   Scalable apps for developers        INTERNET OF THINGS       IOT Cloud   Platform to connect the internet of things with your CRM                                   Solutions              BY ROLE       Sales       Service       Marketing       IT       BY BUSINESS TYPE       Small Business       Nonprofit       Startups        BY NEED       Lightning       Artificial Intelligence       Mobility       Productivity        BY INDUSTRY       Overview       Industries Overview       Financial Services       Healthcare & Life Sciences       Retail       Manufacturing       Communications       Media       Government       Automotive       Higher Education       Nonprofit                   Services              SERVICES OVERVIEW       Overview       Which services are right for you?       SUCCESS PLANS       What are Success Plans?       Features       Compare Plans        STRATEGIC SERVICES       What are Strategic Services?       Marketing Cloud Services       Advisory Services       Strategic Projects       Experience Design       Innovation & Transformation Center       SALESFORCE UNIVERSITY       Overview       Training by role       Training by cloud       Certifications                   Support              GET SUPPORT       Overview        Get Support        Contact Support        Support Self Service       FIND HELP       Overview        Find Help        Browse Knowledge        Documentation        Training       Trailhead        SUPPORT FROM THE INDUSTRY       Customer Community        Developer Community        Partner Community        AppExchange Marketplace         TOP QUESTIONS       How do I reset my password without the answer to my security question?        Insufficient Privileges Errors        Formula Operators and Functions Overview        Salesforce for Outlook Sync       Troubleshooting Workflow                   Events              EVENTS       Overview       Events Overview       Dreamforce 2016        Developer Events        Webinars       Salesforce LIVE            SALESFORCE LIVE            Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.                           Customers              CUSTOMER STORIES       Small Business       Enterprise            FEATURED STORY            See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.                           About Us              CORPORATE       Our Story       What is Salesforce?       Press       Analyst Reports       Investor Relations       Careers       Trust        Salesforce.org        Equality       Sustainability       Ventures       Leadership       Global Offices       Legal       Public Policy        INSPIRATION       Salesforce LIVE       Salesforce Blog        HIGHLIGHTS       Quarterly Video                      Try for Free          Try for Free                        Login        Products    Products Overview    Pricing    Sales Cloud    SalesforceIQ    Salesforce Quote-to-Cash    Data.com    Financial Services Cloud    Health Cloud    Commerce Cloud    Service Cloud    Desk.com    Analytics Cloud    Wave Apps    Community Cloud    Chatter    Marketing Cloud    Pardot    Krux    App Cloud    AppExchange    Force.com    Heroku Enterprise    IOT Cloud      Solutions    Sales    Service    Marketing    IT    Small Business    Nonprofit    Startups    Lightning    Artificial Intelligence    Mobility    Productivity    Industries Overview    Financial Services    Healthcare & Life Sciences    Retail    Manufacturing    Communications    Media    Government    Automotive    Higher Education      Services    Which services are right for you?    Features    Compare Plans    Marketing Cloud Services    Advisory Services    Strategic Projects    Experience Design    Innovation & Transformation Center    Training by role    Training by cloud    Certifications      Support    Get Support    Contact Support    Support Self Service    Overview    Find Help    Browse Knowledge    Documentation    Training    Trailhead    Customer Community    Developer Community    Partner Community    AppExchange Marketplace      Events    Events Overview    Dreamforce 2016    Developer Events    Webinars    Salesforce LIVE    Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.      Customers    Small Business    Enterprise    See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.      About Us    Our Story    What is Salesforce?    Press    Analyst Reports    Investor Relations    Careers    Trust    Salesforce.org    Equality    Sustainability    Ventures    Leadership    Global Offices    Legal    Public Policy    Salesforce LIVE    Salesforce Blog    Quarterly Video                             Careers     ‹  Back to Careers Home                        What:           Where:               Advanced search       Lead/Principal Network Security Developer, Infrastructure Security        Share              Show me jobs like this one       Category:  Technical Operations   Location:  US - California - San Francisco (HQ)   US - Washington - Bellevue   Post Date: 10/31/2017     The Security team at Salesforce is building a brand new platform for network segmentation and access control of inter-service communication. We are looking at a state-of-the-art framework that provides automated translation from user specifications of service access rules to various access control points in our cloud infrastructure where these rules are enforced. This control platform spawns different networking layers (from containers, VMs, physical servers and networking devices) and technologies (network segmentation, firewalls, hypervisor  and tenants controls).  This is a great opportunity for engineers that want a comprehensive technical growth as it involves developing skills on three coordinates:  - Security: experimenting with access control/packet filtering techniques and kernel modules, managing and monitoring communication among services.  - Networking: exploring and implementing solutions at various OSI layers and devices, from physical hosts to containers to network switches.  - Development: architecting and coding solutions at kernel/hypervisor level, as well as microservices in OOO languages (Golang, Python, etc.).  Responsibilities    Designing and implementing networking access management solutions (software or hardware-based) across different technological stacks (physical devices, bare metal OS, hypervisors, VMs, Docker containers) in Salesforce's private and public clouds   Optimizing access control management from policy declaration to enforcement points (network ACLs, host and device-based firewalls, etc.)   Researching and implementing new networking security solutions and platforms for service communication and access management (intra and inter-clouds, WAN)   Performing datacenter network architecture security assessments and architecting IaaS/PaaS platforms to harden security and availability posture   Developing and managing production services that support network security infrastructure in a full DevOps model   Requirements     8+ years of technical experience, including:   3+ years experience in network security development   3+ years experience in a high-availability 24x7x365 environment (cloud platforms are a plus)    Hands-on expertise in network security development, at one or more levels   Linux kernel: netfilter, nftables/iptables, BPF, XDP, netmap, ipsec   Hypervisor/Container controls: KVM modules, OpenStack (Neutron, Calico), Docker CNM   Security platforms: DDoS prevention, RBAC, VPC, VPN, IDS   Hardware: switch ACLs, stateful firewalls, network segmentation, security zones    Proficiency in Unix/Linux systems (e.g., CentOS, RHEL, or similar) Desired Skills/Experience     M.Sc/M.Eng in Computer Science/Engineering or B.A/B.Sc. in same disciplines with equivalent years of experience   Expertise in OSI model, networking investigations and tools (transport, routing and discovery protocols, packet inspection and flow troubleshooting)   Hands-on proficiency in building datacenter (security) network infrastructure, especially for large cloud IaaS (host bootstrap to data lifecycle, Clos architecture, PoPs)   Competence in software-based network technologies (SLB, SDN, VXLAN, VPN)   Experience working with systems from one or more of the following platforms:   Software: OpenStack, Docker, VMWare, Illumio   Hardware: Palo Alto, Fortinet, Arista, Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, Force 10, F5 Networks, Gigamon.    Proven track of building large-scale PaaS/IaaS, leveraging well-known distributed systems technologies (Paxos, Raft, Zookeeper, Kafka, RabbitMQ, MongoDB, etc.)   Command over high-availability design, including multi-site routing, peering, and disaster recovery applications and network architectures   DevOps mindset and full code ownership (design, code, test, deploy, monitor, maintain)   Automation/scripting skills for configuration management/monitoring (Puppet, bash )    Competence in networking programming and debugging   Proficiency in at least one of the following programming languages: Golang, Java, C/C++, Python    Company Overview: Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes's "World's Most Innovative Company" five years in a row and one of Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For" eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.   *LI-Y                            Follow us                 Action    Apply   Print  Email a friend          Popular locations: US - California - San Francisco (HQ)  (417) | UK - London  (79) | Ireland - Dublin  (78) | US - Indiana - Indianapolis  (78) | US - New York - New York  (76)  Popular categories: Sales - Account Executive  (366) | Technology - Software Development  (130) | Solution Engineering  (98) | Customer Success – Professional Services  (77) | Technology - Infrastructure Engineering  (68)    Home  About us  Job search  Privacy policy  Security Statement  All Rights Reserved  Mobile version                        CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389         New to Salesforce?         Why Salesforce      Help Desk Software      Marketing Automation Software      Explore all products      What is cloud computing      Customer success      Product pricing      Subscribe to Salesforce         About Salesforce         Our story      Press      Blog       Careers      Trust       Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Investors          Popular Links         New release features      Salesforce1 Mobile App      AppExchange       Dreamforce       CRM software      Salesforce LIVE      Salesforce for startups              CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389                 * From FORTUNE ® Magazine, March 15, 2017 © 2017 Time Inc. FORTUNE and 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks and are used under License. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Salesforce.                      Americas         América Latina (Español)      Brasil (Português)      Canada (English)      Canada (Français)      United States (English)         Europe, Middle East, and Africa         España (Español)      Deutschland (Deutsch)      France (Français)      Italia (Italiano)      Nederland (Nederlands)      Sverige (Svenska)      United Kingdom (English)      All other countries (English)         Asia Pacific         Australia (English)      India (English)      日本 (日本語)      한국 (한국어)      中国 (简体中文)      台灣 (繁體中文)      All other countries (English)             WORLDWIDE          Terms of Service   Privacy   Responsible Disclosure   Trust   Contact      © Copyright 2017 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States                                              Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Senior DevOps Engineer    Avesta Computer Services ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 1 week ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Senior DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: AWS,SaaS,VPC,EC2,Containers    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     AWS, SaaS, VPC, EC2, Containers, S3, ELB, RDS, Route53, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, WAF          Full Time, C2H W2, Permanent Fulltime            Market            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Title - Senior DevOps Engineer/ Devops Engineer Location - San Francisco CA Permanent Fulltime / Contract to hire  Requirements:   BS degree in Computer Science or related field is required, advanced degree preferred At least 7-10 years of equivalent work experience in a senior technical position responsible for managing multitenant SaaS software products in public or private cloud (including AWS) including design, implementation, product release, testing, support and project management Excellent understanding of technical architecture design techniques, theories, principles and practices with knowledge on broad range of hardware and software products (including experience deploying, managing, and operating scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems on AWS) Excellent knowledge and understanding for use, deployment and management of AWS services for SaaS products such as VPC, EC2, Containers, S3, ELB, RDS, Route53, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, WAF, HSM/KMS, IAM, Code Commit, Elastic Bean Stalk, Cloud Trail, API Gateways and other AWS development and management tools Ability to define and deploy monitoring, metrics, and logging systems Strong grasp of automation and monitoring tools (ability to automate repeatable tasks via scripting) Demonstrated ability to understand, implement, and automate security controls, governance processes, and compliance validation Demonstrated ability to communicate business and technical ideas to varied audiences including customers, peer engineers, and senior leadership Send your resume along with complete contact details to monica at avestacs dot com       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Monica Pawar  1 Executive Drive, Suite 120
				
				
					
						Somerset, NJ, 08873  Contact               Avesta Computer Services,     Dice Id : avesta    Position Id : 910549      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   DevOps Engineer   Encore Software Services  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Cloud   DCM Data Systems  San Ramon, CA     Sr. Devops Engineer   Xoriant Corporation  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    DevOps Engineer   Elevano  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Rose IT Corp.  San Francisco, CA     DevOPs Infrastructure Engineer   Ngusoft Inc  Redwood City, CA     Senior DevOps Engineer   Avesta Computer Services  San Francisco, CA     Sr DevOps Engineer   The Armada Group  San Francisco, CA     Devops Engineer   Red Oak Technologies, Inc.  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Engineer, (Cloud, Azure)   Grid Dynamics International, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Devops Engineer- Azure   Xconic  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Engineer 3   Asurion LLC  San Mateo, CA     DevOps Engineer   Etouch Systems Corp  Fremont, CA     DevOps Engineer   Fusion IT Inc  San Francisco, CA     Cloud Operations DevOps (4 Openings)   APN Software Services, Inc  Redwood City, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Senior DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Senior DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Senior DevOps Engineer with Avesta Computer Services through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Senior DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                  Apply Now  Senior Site Reliability Engineer  at Sift Science  (View all jobs)  San Francisco & Seattle    About the team  Evil exists and fortunately we're here to stop it! Fraud and abuse plague online businesses of all types, from marketplaces to payment processors, social networks to e-commerce stores. As the internet's trust layer, Sift Science's mission is simple yet powerful: make these online experiences faster, smoother, and safer – using the smartest technology around.  As an Engineer at Sift Science you will be responsible for a plethora of tasks and systems that span our entire product and internal infrastructure. Every day, thousands of websites and apps rely on our cloud-based machine learning to eliminate fraud, slash costs, and grow revenue. As part of the team you will build new products, add and improve features, scale and maintain the systems that keep our customers happy, and build internal tools and systems to help streamline and optimize internal initiatives.  Who are you?  You have a strong understanding of large scale computing solutions. You are a strong engineer who thinks of infrastructure as code. You love the idea of building immutable infrastructure and multi-AZ/multi-region fault tolerant systems that are anti-fragile. While you understand the need for monitoring and alerting, you dream of building self-healing systems. You believe in collaboration, acting as a force multiplier, and making the right tradeoffs. And you have been looking for an opportunity to join a well-funded startup where you can use your powers for good (in Sift Science’s case, to help eliminate fraud on the internet).  What would make you a good fit?   5+ years of experience as a DevOps / Site Reliability Engineer  Experience building & managing AWS with EC2, ELB, Route53, S3, etc  Strong working experience automation technologies  Strong experience with monitoring and alerting systems, both open source and commercial  Strong collaboration skills – experience working with product management, security, and data science teams   Bonus Points   Experience running & managing large NoSQL clusters such as HBase or Cassandra  Experience with caching systems such as Memcached and Varnish  Familiar with YARN / MESOS  Familiar with Docker and container clustering technologies like Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, and/or AWS ECS            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Github Profile       Website/Portfolio       LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job?       Are you authorized to work in the US? *     Please select I am authorized to work for any employer in the US  I need an employer's sponsorship to obtain work authorization in the US      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Sift Science are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Infrastructure DevOps Engineer  at Domino Data Lab  San Francisco, CA, New York, NY    Domino has an ambitious vision for data science and machine learning. Our platform helps data science teams accelerate research, increase collaboration, and rapidly deploy predictive models. Our customers are the most sophisticated analytical organizations in the world, including Monsanto, Allstate, and Instacart. Backed by Sequoia Capital, Zetta Venture Partners, Bloomberg Beta, and In-Q-Tel, we are at the epicenter of the data science revolution, helping companies build better cars, develop more effective medicine, or simply recommend the best song to play next.  You will be joining a team of five and have a significant impact on managing a growing infrastructure. You’ll be tasked with deploying Domino to our growing customer list in a variety of environments (on-premise, AWS, and VPC), de-risking our stack, improve our availability, and customize our DevOps and Deployment toolchain.  Responsibilities   Maintain and scale infrastructure configuration management software (SaltStack)  Deploy, configure, and upgrade Domino on a variety of environments (on-premise, AWS, and VPC)  Manual and automated testing of installations  Build and enhance Domino’s deployment technology (Terraform Enterprise)  Relay customer feedback to the product team and management  Provide level 2 customer support   Qualifications   Coding/Scripting ability in Bash, Python, Ruby, or PHP a must  Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS, EC2, S3)  Experience with Docker Container Management OR Virtualization Technologies  Extensive knowledge of Operating Systems (CentOS/RHEL 7, Ubuntu 14.04)  Expertise with Hashicorp tools (Vagrant, Packer, Terraform, Consul),  Experience with Configuration Management Tools (Saltstack, Chef, Puppet)  Knowledge of Hadoop, HDFS, and Spark          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Domino Data Lab are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                    Research & Insight  Overview  Workplace Surveys  Research  Publications  In Focus  Blog   Expertise Projects  Featured  All  Search by Keyword      People  All  Co-CEOs  Board of Directors  Search by Keyword      Offices About  Firm Profile  Services  Sustainability  Community  Contact   News  Latest & Media Contacts  In the Media  Press Releases  Recognition   Careers Contact         Job Postings            New Search    Login Page               Position Description                            Build & Release Engineer    Gensler Region  Firmwide Resources    Job Location  Oakland, CA, US    ID  11283     Apply Now  Gensler is a global architecture and design firm grounded in the belief that design strategy optimizes business performance and human potential. Our 5,000+ practitioners networked across 46 offices use global perspective and local presence to innovate at every scale.    Whether we are refreshing a retailer’s brand, planning a new urban district, or designing a super tall building, we strive to make the everyday places people occupy more inspiring, more resilient, and more impactful.    Your Role  Gensler Firmwide-Data Platform team is looking for a Build Engineer (DevOps Engineer) to play a key role in our release process by improving the current build, deployment, and release infrastructure. We are looking for a trusted resource who can create solutions, advocate release standards, and enforce quality build processes for successful code deployments. We need a highly motivated team player who can work cross-functionally with our Global Development, QA and Operations Teams to successfully push software (application releases) from development/test/stage to production environments. You will use your experience to increase productivity as well as research, design and implement solutions that make our development process state of the art. Our ideal candidate must thrive in demanding environments while remaining pragmatic and results focused. This position requires techno-functional skills since the responsibility also includes handling release management for each of the builds being deployed. Over the time this position will turn into a full-stack DevOps Engineer.    What You Will Do  •  Work with cross-functional teams to handle release management process  •  Support and improve our tools/process for continuous build, automated testing, and release management  •  Work closely with Development, Quality Engineering and Operations teams to identify, prioritize, and drive issues to resolution quickly  •  Improve the effectiveness of our build and release cycle through the development, tracking, and reporting of metrics  •  Own, manage, and improve our release process with a focus on scale and efficiency  •  Build and maintain tools needed during release pushes  •  Automate repeatable tasks with scripting languages such as PowerShell/Bash/Ruby/Python    Your Qualifications  •  4+ years’ experience with software engineering, release engineering, and/or configuration management  •  2+ years’ experience in release management  •  Strong understanding of source code version control systems (GitHub experience highly desired)  •  Expertise with a variety of build, release, and management packages (SBT, Gradle and Maven)  •  Expertise with build automation tools such as Jenkins  •  Experience building Java/.NET applications  •  Knowledge of Unix/Linux, Windows and some Mac experience  •  Scripting ability with one or more languages (PowerShell and python are must, ruby, bash, Perl, etc. will be a huge plus)  •  Experience with infrastructure automation/configuration management tools (Docker, Ansible and Puppet)  •  Working knowledge of SQL Server, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, MySQL, Postgres databases a plus  •  Knowledge of Microsoft Azure Cloud a plus  •  Strong written and verbal communication skills    Life at Gensler  At Gensler, we are as committed to enjoying life as we are to delivering best-in-class design. From curated art exhibits to internal design competitions and hackathons, to “Well-being Week,” our offices reflect our teams’ diverse interests.    We encourage our employees to lead a healthy and balanced life. Our comprehensive benefits include medical, dental, vision, disability, wellness programs, flex spending, paid holidays and paid time off. We also offer a 401k, profit sharing, employee stock ownership and twice annual bonus opportunities.    Gensler is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participant in the U.S. Federal E-Verify program. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply.    #LI-JP1   Back  Email  Apply Now             Contact  Gensler Fact Sheet (PDF)  Comment  Site Map    Top of page    © 2017 Gensler, All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy  Transparency Statement                    Senior DevOps Engineer - Extensions San Francisco, CA Commerce – Developer Product Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Twitch Extensions power the connections between millions of broadcasters and users. You will be an engineering leader within a motivated and energised cross-functional product team, helping to craft the platform that allows developers to build Extensions. The Extensions team needs a senior DevOps engineer, who is able to channel their years of experience in building automated CI/CD pipelines, managing the lifecycle of software infrastructure, crafting scalable and maintainable technology solutions, and driving a shared vision  forward with the team. Joining our team will give you endless opportunities to use your passion, ingenuity, experience, and pragmatism to build very cool software that affects millions of Twitch users and developers, directly impacting the evolution of the core Twitch product and technologies behind it. When you start here, you will find yourself in an environment that's exciting, motivating, challenging, and fun. You will work with every member of the team, from your backend leader counterparts and eager frontend engineers to PMs and designers. Most importantly, your ideas will be included in the products we ship and in the technologies and processes we choose. Our ideal candidate will have a passion for and history of building, delivering, and supporting high quality, scalable web services that are developer focused, and the ability to cultivate and empowering the engineering teams behind them. Responsibilities Work as a member of a highly functioning agile product development team Craft and maintain a quality build/deploy pipeline Drive the vision for building, deploying, supporting services Empower the development team by streamlining processes (using automation where appropriate) Ensure that leveraged software infrastructure is managed Enable the development of product features Support and empower the development team to accelerate the release of new and exciting features Requirements Practical experience working with different CI/CD servers: Jenkins, Spinnaker, Bamboo, TeamCity, GoCD Inside out knowledge of AWS and its plethora of services Practical experience working with different configuration management, orchestration, and provisioning tools and frameworks: Terraform, Puppet, Ansible, Docker, etc. A track record of evolving production infrastructure Experience supporting a live production service with millions of concurrent users Bonus Points You have written in Golang before Production environments with millions of concurrent users are your bread and butter Testing is ingrained in your psyche You take a pragmatic approach to work Perks Full benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life 401(k) savings plan with a company match Catered daily lunch and dinners (and hearty breakfasts three times a week) Unlimited snacks and drinks Monthly in-office massages Corporate gym membership Commuter Benefits Flexible time off policy Weekly happy hours and opportunity to attend one gaming event or tournament Top of the line technology to help you build your own workspace Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for  gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers  from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat  with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the  backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including  pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media  organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning  gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at http://twitch.tv . We  are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do  not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin,  gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or  disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance,  we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and  conviction records . #LI-KL1 Apply for this job Twitch Home Page Jobs powered by       Apply Now  Front-end Engineering Manager - Console (Node/React)  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA / Mountain View, CA    About the job:   As Manager of the Voice & Video Customer Experience team, you will lead a team responsible for providing an exceptional experience for our customers in managing all aspect of their services.  This includes customer on-boarding, configuration of services, troubleshooting, as well as optimizing applications using real-time analytics and tools.  We are seeking a leader with extensive experience as a manager leading the development and operations of a full stack front-end team, using modern Javascript UI frameworks such as React and in server environments such as Node.js.  Responsibilities:    Lead and grow a team of passionate engineers through their journey to Agile Maturity.  Provide support and guidance that e nables the team to self-organize and to achieve sustained high velocity and predictability.  Manage employee career development by providing coaching and mentoring to junior engineers while guiding senior contributors to maximize their potential.  Provide continuous performance feedback, collaborate with employees on their objectives and provide a clear path for progression through personal development plans.  Own, operate and maintain your team’s services.  Employ Agile methodologies to continuously deliver value to customers.  Institute and maintain a rotating on-call incident escalation and response processes for the team.  Collaborate on roadmaps with Product Managers, Architects and Tech Leads to ensure the team has clear direction and priorities. Ensure there is cross-training and a healthy balance between features and technical debt.  Interface with our central design team to ensure consistency across our user experiences.  Institute development best practices to ensure the team produces high quality, well architected and supportable code.  Lead reviews of architecture design.  Also work to enable a Continuous Integration environment.  Serve as the team’s Scrum Master, breaking down roadblocks as well as managing communications with stakeholders and dependent teams.  Create a culture of continuous improvement through retrospection.  As a member of the Engineering Management team, foster leadership principles and behaviors throughout the organization to groom the next generation of leaders.  Act as an ambassador for Twilio, recruiting and motivating top talent.   Requirements:   Experience leading a team as Manager with people responsibilities for at least five reports and for two years.  You are first and foremost a people person who has the ability to attract and motivate top talent.  You are curious, collaborative, humble and have empathy as a key trait.  We are seeking leaders who have solved complex problems and have the aptitude to navigate uncharted waters.  You are a strategic thinker and thrive operating in broad scope, from conception through continuous operation of 24x7 services. As a pragmatist, you are able to distill complex and ambiguous situations into actionable plans for your team .  Master of agile processes, continuous integration and test automation.  Ideally you have completed formal Agile training and have managed a Scrum team.  Minimum five years hands-on experience developing and scaling full stack front-end Web applications.  Experience managing engineers in a high technical and complex operations environment.  Ideally, you have experience in a production Cloud / DevOps environment.   About us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 650 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. #LI-POST1         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile URL       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Saved Jobs My Submissions Go to the main content section. | My Account Options | Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Advanced Search | All Jobs My Submissions | My Job Cart | My Saved Searches | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page    ( Job Number:  ) Description  Qualifications  Primary Location : Job : Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile    Why Macy's Edit Application Saved Jobs Confidentiality/Affiliate Sharing Were You Referred? FAQ macys.com macysinc.com macyscollege.com Military Legal Notice Privacy Policy New Hire Information Macy’s, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Applicants with disabilities who need assistance or reasonable accommodation during the application process can learn more here . Macy’s, Inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVII Art. 9 . Learn more about your rights under the Philadelphia Fair Chance Law . Copyright Macy’s, Inc.       Apply Now  Manager, Site Reliability Engineering  at SigFig  (View all jobs)  San Francisco     SigFig is tearing down the barriers to investing. We've raised $60 million to support our growth as the #1 Online Investment Advisor for large Financial Institutions. Help us define the next generation of investing!  We're looking for a Manager of Site Reliability Engineering to join our team and increase coverage of our 24x7 operations. Sigfig’s enterprise platform powers automated investment services for some of the largest financial institutions in the world. We need someone with a proven track record in leading Site Reliability teams, who is passionate about uptime, reliability, and the overall performance of our enterprise platform.  WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING:   Manage a team of Site Reliability Engineers passionate about providing 1 st level response for production issues and drive resolution  Establish best practices and craft runbooks for the SRE team to follow  Create and implement a strategy to ensure we meet uptime and performance SLA's  Act as the final gatekeeper for all changes going out to customer environments  Work with DevOps and Engineering teams to ensure the stability and reliability of our platform  Work with the latest monitoring tools and triage network, server and database issues   WE'RE LOOKING FOR SOMEBODY WITH:   3+ years of experience in a technical management position  3+ years of experience with Linux Systems Administration (Red Hat or CentOS preferred)  Extensive experience with monitoring tools like Nagios, StatsD, InfluxDB, New Relic and Splunk  Experience with MySQL, PostgreSQL, NGINX, Varnish, RabbitMQ, and Redis  Experience managing multiple release branches and schedules  Experience managing and supporting 24x7 on-call operations   PERKS & BENEFITS:   Competitive compensation packages  Medical, dental and vision benefits for employees and their dependents  Flexible vacation policy with uncapped time off  Catered lunches daily and a kitchen stocked full of drinks and snacks  Fitness subsidy  Commuter subsidy    ABOUT SIGFIG  SigFig is dedicated to making high-quality investment advice more accessible and affordable to investors of all wealth levels. Using a combination of design, data science, and technology, SigFig helps empower investors with the information and guidance they need to achieve their personal financial goals. Through partnerships with some of the world’s largest and most innovative financial institutions, SigFig seeks to help investors and advisors better manage their investments. Its enterprise technology accelerates time to market for its partners, while doing so in a secure, scalable, and compliant way. Its product, design, and growth labs fuel innovation, accelerate adoption, and create delight for clients.  Founded in 2007, SigFig is backed by leading financial institutions including Eaton Vance, Comerica Bank, New York Life, Santander InnoVentures, and UBS, as well as top-tier venture capital firms, including Bain Capital Ventures, DCM Ventures, Nyca Partners, and Union Square Ventures. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California. Learn more at www.sigfig.com .          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                   U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at SigFig are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                                               Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation                Sign In      FAQ      Style Guide    Women    Men        Gift Cards         Get Started  Sign In                          Careers at Stitch Fix  Stitch Fix empowers people to be their best selves—professionally and personally.         We’re a team of bright, kind, goal-oriented individuals who care deeply about achieving great things. We know our individual strengths, but believe that we’re strongest together. Our company is transforming the retail experience as we know it—and we need your big ideas. We just might be the perfect fit.        View All Jobs             Have a question?  Visit our FAQ »   More info         The service   Help Center  Contact Us  Gift Cards  iPhone App  Plus Sizes  Maternity  Petite  Premium Brands  Style Guide    Women    Men        The company   About Us  Press  Influencer Program  Careers  Tech Blog     Have a question?   FAQ  Help Center  Contact Us       Women  Men     Follow us      Facebook      Instagram      Pinterest      Twitter       Women /stitchfix  Men /stitchfixmen    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen    Women /stitchfix  Men /stitch-fix-men    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen             Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Supply Chain Information | Ad Choices   Stitch Fix and Fix are trademarks of Stitch Fix, Inc.          x        Sorry, we're not available right now  Our team will call you back tomorrow morning.  Please tell us your name.   Enter your U.S. phone number.                      Autodesk Menu Job Search My Jobs Go to the main content section. | My Account Options | Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobs Search | Jobs Matching My Profile | My Applications | My Job Cart | My Saved Searches | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page      Description       Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile    FOLLOW AUTODESK Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Glassdoor All Social Media | Worldwide sites PRODUCTS Free product trials 3D CAD software 3D printing Civil engineering Construction Drafting Manufacturing Sketching & painting Student downloads Find by industry SUPPORT & LEARNING Product support Installation, registration & licensing Classes on demand Events Updates & service packs System requirements Help forums BUY Autodesk store Find a reseller Subscriber benefits Support Offerings AUTODESK Autodesk is a leader in 3D design, engineering and entertainment software. About us Careers Contact us Investor relations Trust center Newsroom Suppliers Privacy/Cookies (Updated) | Legal Notices & Trademarks | Report Noncompliance | Site map | © 2016 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved FOLLOW AUTODESK Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Glassdoor Tous les médias sociaux | Sites internationaux PRODUITS Essais de produits gratuits Logiciel de CAO 3D impression en 3D Génie civil Construction Rédaction Fabrication Croquis & peinture Téléchargements d'étudiants Recherche par industrie SOUTIEN & APPRENTISSAGE Support produit Installation, enregistrement & licences Cours à la demande Événements Mises à jour & Service packs Configuration requise Forums d'aide ACHETER Autodesk boutique Trouver un revendeur Avantages de l'abonné Offres de soutien AUTODESK Autodesk est un chef de file dans la conception 3D, l'ingénierie et le logiciel de divertissement. À propos de nous Carrières Contactez nous Relations avec les investisseurs Centre de confiance Rédaction Fournisseurs Confidentialité / Cookies (Actualisé) | Mentions légales & Marques de commerce | Rapport Non-conformité | Plan du site | © 2017 Autodesk Inc. Tous les droits sont réservés        All jobs → Full-Stack Software Engineer   Full-Stack Software Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description Komodo Health is focused on building a leading platform of expertly curated big data and analytics in healthcare and life sciences. Our cloud-based data integration platform brings together disparate data from all over the Healthcare and Life Sciences industry, the public domain, and proprietary sources. Through our real-time analytical applications, Komodo Health helps enterprise customers make better decisions that improve patient outcomes. We value our culture of encouraging growth, collaboration, and constructive debate as well as delivering innovative solutions that “wow” our customers. We are looking for a software engineer to play a pivotal role in the continual development of our leading healthcare platform. As a core member of this team, you will work closely with the business to build cutting-edge solutions following the lean/agile development process. This is an opportunity to join a growing team of talented individuals focused on using the latest technology to address complex real world problems currently impacting the healthcare industry. Some of the technologies and tools we use are Python, Django, Postgres, ElasticSearch, JavaScript, React, AWS, Docker, Git, CSS3 and HTML5. Responsibilities  Design and implement backend and frontend components and services  Develop solutions that account for scalability and optimize performance  Evaluate new technologies and build prototypes for continuous improvements  Produce high quality production ready code in an agile environment  Advocate programming best practices and standards  Collaborate closely with the product team to build new features and infrastructure  Requirements Qualifications  BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field  5+ years software engineering experience  Experience with Python and Django  SQL and Relational Databases   REST based APIs design (JSON, XML, etc.)  Javascript frameworks, such as React or Angular    Unit test, workflow, continuous integration, automation tools and processes  Strong knowledge of design patterns and software engineering best practices  You've been through the planning, launching and refactoring phases of code you wrote  Ability to work as part of a collaborative team in a fast-paced environment  Motivated and responsible individual who strives to exceed expectations  Sincere interest in working at a startup and scaling with the company as we grow  Nice to Have  Experience or interest in life sciences and healthcare  DevOps experience and interest (AWS, Docker)  Experience with ElasticSearch  Benefits  Competitive salary and equity compensation  Full Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits  401k plan with employer match  Your choice of equipment set-up (computer, monitor, and accessories)  Flexible hours and unlimited vacation days policy  Opportunities to attend industry conferences and events  Awesome team and culture  Great office location(s) in SF/SOMA and NY/West SoHo  and more…    Apply for this job             Komodo Health website  Powered by Workable    About Loom Systems Loom is the most advanced AI software for log analysis. Our mission is to help the world build confidence in digital systems. With Loom, companies can predict and prevent problems in their digital systems with the help of AI. The logs from different layers of IT (applications, infrastructure, security, etc.) are ingested automatically by Loom to uncover insights and act on them instantly. Loom is growing super fast and is backed by top investors with the team to execute on our vision. we hope you're the person to take part in this amazing journey! About the role Our Sales Engineers are critical in presenting the value of Loom Systems' capabilities to a broad set of prospects. As we continue to grow our Sales organization, Sales Engineers are collaborating with Account Executives as a trusted advisor to customers working to tie Loom's solutions to their business needs. Our SEs need to be able to clearly articulate the technical benefits and requirements of Loom to IT managers and DevOps leaders, and express the value of our product to high-level executives. In the first month, you will become a Loom AI expert on both features and functionality as well as implementation. You will be given the opportunity to shadow customer calls and demos with current Sales Engineers and Account Executives while learning how to articulate our value proposition. You will be trained on Loom's internal systems and tools in order to be set up for success. Within the first three months, you will be directly involved in deal cycles with Enterprise and Strategic Account Executives. You will be leading the technical qualification for customer’s use cases as well as delivering customized implementations for prospects. You will have a clear understanding of how Loom is implemented across all platforms and be able to guide customers towards the right solution for their needs. Your job will be critical in setting expectations for a successful Loom implementation and prepare both internal and external teams for long-term success. Responsibilities Partner with Account Executives to drive revenue growth by serving as the key technical contact for the customer. Develop relationships and uncover the needs of key technical stakeholders. Approach all deals with a customer-first mentality. Complete RFP’s and Security Questionnaires. Work cross-functionally with different organizations such as Sales, Marketing, Customer Success, Product, Engineering and Legal. Actively utilize Salesforce to track deal activity and customer requirements. Be the “Voice of the Prospect” by collecting feedback from customers and delivering to the Product team. Qualifications 3-5 years of experience in a Sales Engineering or related role. You have experience delivering product/POC demonstrations to C-level Executives. You have worked with IT technologies and feel comfortable learning new tools fast. You understand how root cause analysis is done using logs and have done it yourself. You have the ability and desire to learn independently. You have experience and curiosity in the analytics and AI space. Ability to travel. Job Type: Full-time Required experience: Sales Engineering: 3 years       Apply Now  Manager, Site Reliability Engineering  at SigFig  (View all jobs)  San Francisco     SigFig is tearing down the barriers to investing. We've raised $60 million to support our growth as the #1 Online Investment Advisor for large Financial Institutions. Help us define the next generation of investing!  We're looking for a Manager of Site Reliability Engineering to join our team and increase coverage of our 24x7 operations. Sigfig’s enterprise platform powers automated investment services for some of the largest financial institutions in the world. We need someone with a proven track record in leading Site Reliability teams, who is passionate about uptime, reliability, and the overall performance of our enterprise platform.  WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING:   Manage a team of Site Reliability Engineers passionate about providing 1 st level response for production issues and drive resolution  Establish best practices and craft runbooks for the SRE team to follow  Create and implement a strategy to ensure we meet uptime and performance SLA's  Act as the final gatekeeper for all changes going out to customer environments  Work with DevOps and Engineering teams to ensure the stability and reliability of our platform  Work with the latest monitoring tools and triage network, server and database issues   WE'RE LOOKING FOR SOMEBODY WITH:   3+ years of experience in a technical management position  3+ years of experience with Linux Systems Administration (Red Hat or CentOS preferred)  Extensive experience with monitoring tools like Nagios, StatsD, InfluxDB, New Relic and Splunk  Experience with MySQL, PostgreSQL, NGINX, Varnish, RabbitMQ, and Redis  Experience managing multiple release branches and schedules  Experience managing and supporting 24x7 on-call operations   PERKS & BENEFITS:   Competitive compensation packages  Medical, dental and vision benefits for employees and their dependents  Flexible vacation policy with uncapped time off  Catered lunches daily and a kitchen stocked full of drinks and snacks  Fitness subsidy  Commuter subsidy    ABOUT SIGFIG  SigFig is dedicated to making high-quality investment advice more accessible and affordable to investors of all wealth levels. Using a combination of design, data science, and technology, SigFig helps empower investors with the information and guidance they need to achieve their personal financial goals. Through partnerships with some of the world’s largest and most innovative financial institutions, SigFig seeks to help investors and advisors better manage their investments. Its enterprise technology accelerates time to market for its partners, while doing so in a secure, scalable, and compliant way. Its product, design, and growth labs fuel innovation, accelerate adoption, and create delight for clients.  Founded in 2007, SigFig is backed by leading financial institutions including Eaton Vance, Comerica Bank, New York Life, Santander InnoVentures, and UBS, as well as top-tier venture capital firms, including Bain Capital Ventures, DCM Ventures, Nyca Partners, and Union Square Ventures. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California. Learn more at www.sigfig.com .          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                   U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at SigFig are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply                                Company   About Us  Management  Operating Divisions  Corporate Governance  Corporate Responsibility  TW Investments  Global Media Group  Strategy     Investor Relations    Newsroom   Press Releases  Press Contacts  Media & Identity Materials     Blog    Careers   Working With Us  Areas of Operation  Search For Jobs      Facebook link  Twitter link  Youtube link  Instagram link               Company    Investor Relations    Newsroom    Careers    Blog            Working With Us   Why Time Warner  Benefits  Career Development  Diversity  Going Green  Our Stories  Stay Connected     Areas of Operation   Our Divisions  Job Spotlight  Industries  Interests  Internships  Locations     Search For Jobs    Login to access your profile or create a new account .             ?   Careers Home Page Job Seeker Tools Search openings Search results Current page Job details      Job details Tweet Job 1 of 1    Submit to job  Send to friend  Save to cart       Posting Job Title   Senior Dev Ops Engineer    Time Warner Division   Warner Bros. Entertainment Group    WB Business Unit   WB Games    Industry   Games – Development & Publishing     Area of Interest  Engineering Mobile Videogame Development/Publishing     Location   United States - California - San Francisco    Requisition #   159487BR    Position Type   Full Time    Company Overview   Warner Bros. has been entertaining audiences for more than 90 years through the world’s most-loved characters and franchises.  Warner Bros. employs people all over the world in a wide variety of disciplines. We're always on the lookout for energetic, creative people to join our team.    Business Unit Overview   Warner Bros. is a top video games publisher across multiple platforms.  In mobile games, we have a growing portfolio of hits that includes Injustice 2, DC Legends and Mortal Kombat X as well as numerous LEGO titles.  We continue to expand by adding great people and leveraging the best portfolio of brands and intellectual property in the industry, such as DC Comics, Harry Potter, The Lord of the Rings and LEGO.    Posting Job Description   WB Games Inc. seeks a Senior DevOps Engineer for our SF Studio. As a Senior DevOps Engineer, you will assist in the creation and maintenance of infrastructure supporting multiple live mobile games. Extensive experience responding to site reliability issues and building/improving automation and infrastructure is required. In addition to having deep knowledge of highly scalable distributed systems, you have a passion for gaming and thrive on working with all departments to ensure that each game’s needs are met by WB Games San Francisco’s shared infrastructure. This position requires close collaboration with all other disciplines to help capture, develop and communicate a coherent vision of our infrastructure, features and tools. In this position, you are responsible for all aspects and quality of your projects. You will also be involved in establishing best practices, assisting / mentoring other engineers on the team and identifying problem areas / opportunities for improvement in the codebase. This position includes occasional on-call responsibilities. What Part Will You Play? Infrastructure / feature design & implementation / Library & Service integration. Configuration Management/Continuous Integration. System reliability and maintenance. Performance target setting / performance optimization. Requirements Gathering / Documentation. Review the work of other Engineers to ensure adherence to design, patterns and coding standards. Other duties as assigned. What Do We Require From You? Undergraduate degree or equivalent industry experience and success. At least 5-7 years of industry experience. Work on at least 2 live mobile applications or web services at enterprise scale. Required: Proficiency in unix/linux system administration. Proficiency with Common scripting languages. Extensive experience with Cloud computing technologies. Extensive experience with Configuration management tools and principles. Extensive experience working with internal and externally developed code. Extensive experience with self-testing to minimize and fix issues. Strong background in cloud network security and high availability principles. Familiarity with CI/CD principles. Familiarity with AWS technologies including EC2, Elasticache, S3, IAM, and Cloudformation. Expert bash scripting skills. Documentation / Presentation skills. Strong problem solving / debugging skills. Ability to work unsupervised. Ability to assist others in their work. Ability to assess the quality of other engineer’s work. Preferred: Strong Ruby programming skills (Python or similar also helpful!). Deployment and configuration management with Chef. Deployment and job management with Jenkins. MongoDB infrastructure configuration. MongoDB database management. Familiarity with Redis.    *   WB is an equal opportunity employer and will consider for employment qualified applicants consistent with the requirements of Article 49, Sections 4904-4905 and 4908-4910 of the San Francisco Police Code and all candidates for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, marital status, military or veteran’s status (including protected veterans, as may be required by federal law), sexual orientation or any other category protected by law.     Submit to job  Send to friend  Save to cart                 Disclamer  Help  International Privacy Policies        Legal and Privacy  Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  Sitemap  Contact Us  Shop   © Time Warner 2014. All Rights Reserved.        Title/ Role : DevOps Cloud engineer Location : San Francisco, CA Duration : 6 Months+ Interview : Telephonic/Skype We are in need of five senior DevOps engineers with strong Linux, Jenkins, Chef, Ruby and Bash. Experience in a SaaS and/or PaaS environment a huge plus. The client likes candidates with LinkedIn profiles so that is a plus but not required. This is a Phone and Skype to hire. * Please only send me candidates with Linux, TeamCity, Chef and Bash experience. We have been having a huge problem with Proxy/Fake candidates so we will be conducting a Skype, technical interview. DevOps position: Senior Cloud Engineer Primary Responsibilities: (other duties may be assigned) A Day In The Life: Start your day off right by meeting with your teammates to review PCF metrics and dashboards all to make sure that yesterday’s challenges are today’s wins! Jump on Slack and help out our Customers on problems they may be facing. Contribute to day-to-day operations of several Pivotal Cloud Foundry deployments, keeping them available and secure. Create and maintain automation code in bash, Ruby, Python, or Go to increase operator efficiency. After lunch, get together with your Business Analyst, Product Manager, and fellow Cloud Engineers at the planning meetings to review the roadmap and plan for how to make sure we are offering the most efficient and scalable platform for our development teams. The team only gets stronger at monthly/quarterly retrospective meetings where your small ideas can have a big impact on how your teams days are going When the day is over, by using our internal communication portal, Ulti Home, you plan on playing poker, volunteering, or going on a run with other Ulti Peeps! Requirements: Participate in on-call rotation for emergency PCF issues Experience performing system administration tasks on Linux and shell scripting Experience creating Continuous Integration pipelines (e.g. Team city, Concourse, Jenkins) Experience with a configuration management tool such as Chef, Ansible, Bosh, etc Strong development/scripting skills using Bash, Ruby, Python, Java, JavaScript with the ability to pick up any language quickly. Deep understanding of networking, especially in virtualized environments Experience running/managing a Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) solution in an enterprise environment (e.g. Cloud Foundry, Heroku, etc) Familiarity with Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) applications (e.g. OpenStack, vSphere, Amazon Web Services, etc) is a plus Familiarity with Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications Willingness to learn new technologies Team player Detail-oriented Self-starter / self-directed Time management skills Verbal / written communication skills Research and analytical skills Education/Certification/License: A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, IT or a related field is a plus Job Type: Contract           DevOps Engineer  Engineering | San Francisco, CA, United States     Apply        What We Are Looking For: A smart, talented and passionate Devops Engineer to assist in growing and supporting the infrastructure for our TokBox platform and products. You will be an asset on the Infrastructure team, to bring automation and consistency from developer builds to production deployment and monitoring.. Responsibilities: Your performance will be measured based on the exciting initiatives listed below: Implementing CI/CD for the platform and logging infrastructures. Automating logging infrastructure deployment as well as scaling so that there is minimal manual intervention in all aspects of our infrastructure from routine tasks to provisioning new data centers. Automate scaling our platform so it can follow traffic curves. Empowering development teams to deploy their own code. Adopting and implementing best practices and champion an engineering culture emphasizing Agile, DevOps, and continuous integration and deployment. Working alongside Engineers and Service Providers to drive issues to resolution during site instabilities. Identifying weaknesses in the infrastructure and implement changes. Qualifications Needed so You can be Successful: Proven experience building and supporting high-availability, customer-facing production environments. In-depth knowledge and hands-on work with Linux. Configuration management using Chef. Experience with infrastructure as code such as Terraform. Fluent with AWS Services, especially EC2 and S3. Experience using Docker and ELK stack. Successfully built CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins. Utilized monitoring tools such as  Nagios, Graphite or Cloudwatch Good understanding of TCP/IP, UDP, HTTP, SSL/TLS and DNS. Bachelor's degree (or higher) in Computer Science and/or related work experience. It Would be Great if You had the Below, but not Needed: Working knowledge on other AWS services like Glacier, Elastic MapReduce, DynamoDB etc. Experience within real time media environments. Data Pipeline knowledge, especially with tools like MapReduce and Kafka. Machine Learning.   Apply  « Back to Current Openings            Front End Engineer San Francisco California Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Imagine a world where every car where there’s a smartphone is safer, where massive amounts of data and insights makes cities safer and reduce insurance costs for everyone. Zendrive is executing rapidly on its mission of “making all ground transportation safer using data and analytics” and is focused on building products to support the evolution of transportation. We are looking for a Front End Software Engineer with 2-3 years experience programming with Modern Javascript Frameworks - like React, Angular or Ember. If you are passionate about writing code that may run on millions of devices, creating a rock solid technology that will save lives and you will not give up until the code is best in class, then Zendrive is the place for you. Responsibilities: Work closely with our product team to craft the next iteration of Zendrive’s front end products and applications Partner closely with the design in creating gorgeous, rich and modern web experiences Leverage your past successes in helping guide the future of our web properties Help us build an amazing continuous integration environment Basic Qualifications Proactive and passionate attitude Good communication skills Obsessive about writing tests for modern code Basic knowledge of visual design tools; such as: Zeplin, Sketch or Photoshop. Strong analytical and numeric skills Minimum 2 years of Modern Javascript Frameworks including Single Page Applications and client/API architecture Minimum 2 years of application design and development including Responsive Web Applications with deep expertise in one of the following technologies – React, AngularJS, and Ember Minimum 2 years of experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as git, GitHub, Jira, Jenkins, or equivalents Minimum 2 years of Experience with agile development (Kanban, Scrum, etc.) Preferred Qualifications Minimum 1 years of API development using tools like Postman Minimum 6 months experience with Firebase Minimum 3 years of experience in JavaScript Minimum 1 years of experience with testing using TDD or BDD with 1 or more testing frameworks (e.g. Mocha/Chai, Jasmine) Minimum 1 years of experience in any of the following languages or technologies: Java, Groovy, Ruby, PHP, or Python Experience with Responsive Design frameworks, preferably with Bootstrap or Zurb Foundation Experience in developing high performing client-side applications Knowledge of CSS preprocessors (SASS, LESS or Stylus) Knowledge of what works in specific browsers. Responsive CSS (Mobile First, Bootstrap), Semantic HTML and HTML5, JS based languages such as Coffeescript and Typescript Strong preference for a design or engineering bachelor’s degree Why join us? We thought you'd never ask! We offer all the usual stuff: competitive salary, medical/dental insurance, meals on site, gym and Spotify membership, top of the line equipment and compelling early stage equity. But the real perks are: - Challenging and fun work on meaningful problems - you'll never have a boring day at the office. - World-class team of engineers and researchers who love solving tough problems. - The opportunity to work on a problem that aims to improve the lives of everyone and will make a meaningful, positive impact on the world (while building a multi-billion dollar business). - The chance to develop lasting business relationships by helping build our growing set of partners. Apply for this job Zendrive Home Page Jobs powered by        Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply                                        1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Engineering Manager - Heroku Ecosystem     Job Category:   Technology - Technology Program Management     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ) US - Remote     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        Heroku Ecosystem Engineering Manager Heroku's mission is to create the fastest path for application developers to turn an idea into a production app of any scale. We strive to remove every obstacle that slows down creative coders and let them focus on their customers' experience while leaving everything else to our service. Today, Heroku's service powers millions of apps ranging from personal hobby apps to Internet top 100 apps. In aggregate, we serve more than 5 billion requests per day. Yet, it only takes minutes for a new developer to get the first app up and running, ready to serve customers. The Heroku Ecosystem is a Marketplace allowing seamless integration between developers and a host of 3rd party services from data storage, messaging and analytics to security and image-processing. It includes Heroku Add-ons, Buttons and Build Packs. The Ecosystem manager will work closely with product to create a roadmap involving new features for our evolving marketplace, supporting our add-on partner relationships and internal projects with other teams at Heroku. We are looking for an Engineering Manager with strong technical skills who understands the importance of a cohesive team bond and can also work externally with customers and partners. You should be able to provide feedback and guidance on technical decisions and drive the team towards execution in a high-morale environment. You know how to work with an ambitious product team and still drive tech debt solutions into the roadmap. We need a high-EQ leader who can support the team, act as a coach and offer career guidance. You should be able to effectively run stand-ups, retrospectives and help the team to execute effectively. Ideally, you have experience with full-stack software development and know how to build and run a team. The Heroku team cares deeply about the developer experience, building a high-quality platform with a focus on reliability and minimal downtime. Key Responsibilities  Manage a team of engineers focused on customer and partner relationships Run an efficient software development process that minimizes time to customer feedback Channel the company vision into the team Deliver robust and durable solutions based on the problems presented by the product team Cultivate grass-roots ideas into features that support the business Help team members develop mastery and provide coaching and career guidance Work with product to develop and evolve the Ecosystem Collect and share the important metrics that reflect the goals of the team Work as part of the Heroku Engineering Management team to drive cross platform projects and initiatives  Key Competencies  Strong technical abilities to help guide the team in decision-making Familiarity with modern software development practices used to create web and mobile applications Ability to consume feedback about how partners and customers use the platform to help us build the best product possible Excellent technical and soft communication skills to work with internal teams as well as partners and customers Domain expertise in several of: application lifecycle management, continuous delivery, devops, application development, web application development, distributed computing, PaaS, IaaS, cloud services  Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” six years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” nine years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.    *LI-Y       Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Engineering Manager - Heroku Ecosystem position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today        Splunk Careers        Principal Security Engineer–Secure Architecture  Engineering San Francisco,
                                        California San Jose,
                                        California Seattle,
                                        Washington    Apply      Principal Security  Engineer  –  Secure Architecture  You will work closely with all our internal development teams to ensure we build in security from day one and follow best practices.  Ideally you will have a solid development background  and have progressed to be a Cloud security expert.  You will work closely with developers to build and deliver secure software using DevOps and cloud services, specifically Amazon Web Services (AWS). You will be responsible for leveraging principles , practices and tools in DevOps and AWS to improve the reliability, integrity and security of applications.  Your ability to keep up to date on all cloud architecture and security design, both for building new architectures and for adapting tried-and-true security tools and processes to the cloud is key.   You will be an ideal candidate if: Have s ignificant experience performing security design review of distributed systems and APIs . Have w orking knowledge of cloud computing ( preferably AWS) operations . Have an ability to translate compliance and security requirements into product requirements. Have an ability to work with engineers to identify the tradeoffs of different solutions  and recommend  the ideal design to meet security requirements. Have e xperience in secure development especially in large, complex system environments. Required Skills: Deep knowle dge of cloud operational models and secur e SaaS architecture in a world of containerized microservices . Subject matter expertise in multiple domains, including cloud security, web s ecurity, AuthN/Authz protocols and infrastructure secu rity . Experience in applying security to c loud technologies (Managing secrets, S ecuring CD pipeline, Secure Infrastructure as Code, Container Security) Expert in threat m odeling and  secure architectire review. 10+ years total experience and 4 + years in Cloud Security Desired Skills: Experience designing and building security services in a SecDevOps cloud operations model . Knowledge of compliance requirements for industry standard certifications like like PCI DSS, SOC2, HIPAA, FedRAMP        Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}           About Splunk   Splunk was founded to pursue a disruptive new vision: make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. Machine data is one of the fastest growing and most complex areas of big data—generated by every component of IT infrastructures, applications, mobile phone location data, website clickstreams, social data, sensors, RFID and much more.  Splunk is focused specifically on the challenges and opportunity of taking massive amounts of machine data, and providing powerful insights from that data. IT insights. Security insights. Business insights. It’s what we call Operational Intelligence.  Since shipping its software in 2006, Splunk now has over 13,000 customers in more than 110 countries around the world. These organizations are using Splunk to harness the power of their machine data to deepen business and customer understanding, mitigate cybersecurity risk, prevent fraud, improve service performance and reduce costs. Innovation is in our DNA – from technology to the way we do business. Splunk is the platform for Operational Intelligence!  Splunk has more than 2,700 global employees, with headquarters in San Francisco, an office in San Jose, CA and regional headquarters in London and Hong Kong.  We’ve built a phenomenal foundation for success with a proven leadership team, highly passionate employees and unique patented software. We invite you to help us continue our drive to define a new industry and become part of an innovative, and disruptive software company.  Benefits & Perks: Wow! This is really cool!  SF Only Medical, full company paid Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Commuter Accounts, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401(k), 3 weeks of PTO, sick leave, stocked micro kitchens in Splunk offices, catered lunches on Mondays, catered breakfast on Fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, BBQ’s, soccer, “Fun Fridays”.  Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  Non SF Medical, full company paid Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Commuter Accounts, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401(k), 3 weeks of PTO and sick leave.  Our work environments vary by location however we believe in hosting amenities and fun activities to fuel our energy.  You may find fully stocked micro kitchens, catered lunches on Mondays and breakfast on Fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, BBQ’s, soccer and “Fun Fridays”.  This isn’t a job – it’s a life changer – are you ready?  Individuals seeking employment at Splunk are considered without regards to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, age, physical or mental disability or medical condition (except where physical fitness is a valid occupational qualification), genetic information, veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. Click here to review the US Department of Labor’s EEO is The Law notice. Please click here to review Splunk’s Affirmative Action Policy Statement.  Splunk does not discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Please click here to review Splunk’s Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. Splunk is also committed to providing access to all individuals who are seeking information from our website. Any individual using assistive technology (such as a screen reader, Braille reader, etc.) who experiences difficulty accessing information on any part of Splunk’s website should send comments to accessiblecareers@splunk.com . Please include the nature of the accessibility problem and your e-mail or contact address. If the accessibility problem involves a particular page, the message should include the URL of that page.  Splunk doesn't accept unsolicited agency resumes and won't pay fees to any third-party agency or firm that doesn't have a signed agreement with Splunk.  To check on your application click here .       Powered by Jobvite                 Apply Now  Sr. Software Engineer - Messaging  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA or Remote    About the job:  The Messaging Channels team is responsible for building the future of the Twilio SMS API to embrace new forms of communication, starting with Chat applications (such as Messenger, iMessage, RCS) and digital assistants (such as Alexa).  As a member of this team, you will define and implement the technical infrastructure required to merge new communications mediums with the existing Programmable SMS infrastructure. To take it to scale, you will be integrating with a complex distributed platform in Scala and Java and will be concerned with availability, throughput, latency, and data integrity.  At the core are cloud technologies that enable deployment and management of computing resources globally.  Responsibilities:   Collaborate with Product Managers, Architects and Engineering leaders to define, architect and build the future of asynchronous messaging  Bring creativity and fresh thought to the system design process on a daily basis.  Own, operate, and maintain your team’s services in a distributed production environment. Employ Agile methodologies to continuously deliver value to customers.  Drive quality by writing unit, functional, load and performance tests.  Release, monitor, and maintain features in a responsible, reliable way as part of our integrated DevOps practices.  Excel as an engineer and be a productive member of the team where leadership is a behavioral trait, not a title.   Requirements:   5+ years of software development.  Experience in at least one web stack and framework, preferably in Scala or Java.  Comfortable operating in a startup environment - this team demands and expects passion for ownership and self-direction  Have been an active participant in agile processes, continuous integration and test automation.  Ideally, you have experience in a highly-available, uptime-critical production environment.   If you are not experienced in communications, no worries, you will learn.  We are seeking engineers who have solved complex problems at scale and have the aptitude to navigate uncharted waters.  About us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 650 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. #LI-POST         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile URL       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply                          Free      Store      Support      Partners                    Avira Careers           Avira.com >   Careers >   Solutions Engineer USA (m/f)        Solutions Engineer USA (m/f)  Founded in 1987, with headquarters in Germany, Avira has been protecting people for 30 years. Avira is a pioneer in detection technology, being recognized by independent labs for being the top in detecting both mobile and PC based threats; scoring top-of-class in all categories. Avira maintains a global infrastructure of services and solutions, ranging from device-based security solutions and SDKs to web-based service API’s. More than 100 million people depend on Avira’s own products. In addition, more than 500 million people are protected through partners who have integrated Avira’s technology into their products. Avira’s partners range from medium business to companies that serve mission-critical Fortune 100 clients.  We’re looking for a Solutions Architect to support the Sales Team by helping clients and prospects integrate Avira’s technologies, platforms and SDKs into their own products and services.  Responsibilities:  Work closely with the Sales team to identify, qualify and validate prospective partners and opportunities, conduct technical discovery, identify customer’s pain points, create and document business and technical requirements.  Architect solutions, create and document “as-is” and “to-be” states.  Use industry experience and technical expertise to determine if Avira OEM SDKs, technologies and platforms are a fit for the partner.  Work hands-on with the prospective partner from managing Proof-of-Concepts to overseeing implementation/integration of the Avira OEM technology into the partner’s product or platform.  Take part in preparing and disseminating product messaging for the Avira OEM value proposition (which would include whitepapers, datasheets, solution briefs).  Work with Product Management to identify market trends, initiate customer surveys, identify product gaps and work to improve Avira’s OEM offerings.  Your Profil:  Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science or a related discipline.  2-3 years of experience of working with developers or in a development team or as part of DevOps.  1-2 years of experience of working in a Sales/Solutions Engineering role.  Experience in common development languages such as C, C++, C# and/or scripting languages/environments such as Python  Good presentation abilities, including the ability to explain complex technical issues in plain and simple English.  Ability to articulate & disseminate ideas clearly and unambiguously as well as understand and document complex technical architectures.  Travel up to approximate 30% time, domestic and international You should be located somewhere near San Francisco Preferred Qualifications: Consulting experience (e.g., working with Big 5) Knowledge of networks & networking architecture Working knowledge of Big Data, Machine Learning, Scalable architectures etc.  Our Offer:  Unique working environment. Flat hierarchies, open door policies and fast decision-making Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment Professional challenges to match your interests and skills Working in a diverse team Newest technologies and modern working environment    Apply now      Share with your network      LinkedIn        XING        Facebook        Twitter        Google+        Email        Print         An opportunity to make a difference  With 100 million customers worldwide and 500 employees,
								Avira is a leading provider of proprietary IT security
								solutions for private and professional customers.  Avira has over 25 years of experience and is an industry pioneer.
								With headquarters in Tettnang, Germany, which is located close to
								Lake Constance, Avira is one of the region’s largest employers.
								In addition to Tettnang, Avira has offices abroad and maintains partnerships
								in Europe, Asia and America.  Read more     Avira Operations GmbH & Co. KG Martin Vennemann Kaplaneiweg 1 88069 Tettnang D: +49 7542-500 2214 T: +49 7542-500 0 martin.vennemann@avira.com            Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  XING  Pinterest  Google Plus      Free   Free Antivirus for PC  Free Antivirus for Mac  Free Antivirus for Android  Free Antivirus for iOS  Avira Browser Safety     Store   For Home  For Business  Partners     Support   Get Help  Downloads  Blog  Avira Answers     About   Award  Careers  References  Contact        Imprint  Privacy  Legal Terms   © Avira Operations GmbH & Co. KG. All rights reserved.            CLOSE    Skip to content  Home  About   About Us  Our Story  Culture  Testimonials  Community Outreach  Awards & Recognition  Internal Opportunities  TekPartners Incentive Program    Leadership Team   Executive Leadership  Corporate Leadership  Field Leadership    Services   Professional Staffing  Managed Services  IT Project Solutions    Search Jobs  Newsroom   The Techie Times Archive    Locations  Contact Us   Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Menu                 Job Detail      Search Jobs Software Developer In Test Profession: Information Technology Specialty: Software Engineer City: San Francisco State: CA Status: Open Term: Direct Hire Job Id: 55584 Description Title: Software Developer in Test  Location: San Francisco, CA  Direct Hire/FTE  Salary based on Experience   Overview:  As a Software Engineer, you'll be embedded on a development team consisting between 8-30 people where you can work on the next generation of internet software. You'll get to work directly with other Developers, Software Testers, Business Analysts, Product Managers, and Directors, all of whom make up the team. In this highly-collaborative environment, you will have the opportunity to grow as a software engineer, and even help mentor others. Are you ready to get started?  Requirements:   3+ years of experience in web technologies utilizing SOA patterns and REST  3+ years of relevant experience with Java/C# programming languages  2+ years of experience developing JavaScript applications (using MEAN tech stack a plus)  3+ years using industry-standard test automation frameworks (Selenium, xUnit, Jasmine, mocking, etc.)  Knowledge and passion applying test techniques/methodologies (white box, boundary testing, etc.)  Experience developing within Java Spring framework a plus  Experience with microservice architectures, containers, RabbitMQ is a plus  Familiarity with Cloud based Software-as-a-Service applications  Familiarity with DevOps practices and CI automation tools (like TeamCity)  Relevant experience with SQL relational databases  Knowledge of OOP design and patterns  Strong use of source code repositories, like GIT and understanding of GIT workflow  Willingness to learn new technologies  Agile software development experience including TDD and extreme programming methodologies.  Agile or Lean experience with Kanban or Scrum Programming methodologies preferred (incl Jira board tool)  Self-motivated, positive team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills     Education/Certification/License: A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, IT or related field is a plus  Travel Requirement: Limited travel upon request    This job description has been written to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.   3173660 TekPartners Quick Apply    First Name * Last Name * Email *   Phone * City State State Alabama Arizona Alaska Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip Code Resume Tracking ID Pageview ID Visitor ID Job ID Source Name Profession Specialty Title Download Resume              More Info Contact Corporate Headquarters 5810 Coral Ridge Drive Suite 250 Coral Springs, FL 33076 Phone: 954.656.8600 Fax: 954.282.6070  HQ@tekpartners.com Similar Positions Lead Linux Engineeer in Chicago IL Enterprise Infrastructure Project Manager in Miami FL Systems Engineer in Murfreesboro TN Hot Jobs Item Control Specialist 1617 in Boca Raton FL Junior Java Software Engineer in Hudson  OH Telecom Engineer in  Falls Church Job Detail Page                 Email  Phone  Location  Social  Facebook  Google+  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Pinterest  Contact Menu        Copyright © 2012 – 2017 TekPartners                                  All jobs → DevOps Engineer (Contract)   DevOps Engineer (Contract)  San Francisco, California, United States · CNTR_01_17   Description New Context is a rapidly growing consulting company in the heart of downtown San Francisco.  We specialize in Lean Security: an approach that leads organizations to build better software thru hands-on technical and management consulting. We are a group of engineers who live and breath Agile Infrastructure, Systems Automation, Cloud Orchestration, and Information Security. As a New Context DevOps Engineer you will be expected to provide technical leadership with a hands-on approach. On a daily basis you will be interfacing with our clients and other New Context team members while working from the New Context office, at client sites, or from your home. Expect to heavily leverage open source software to tackle challenges like delivery of highly secured containers to IoT devices or building Big Data ecosystems at petabyte scale and beyond. Requirements Who you are: Seasoned Technical Veteran  5+ years work experience in a DevOps or Continuous Integration role  Experience with highly available and high-performance open source web technologies  Existing familiarity (or the eagerness to learn) Ruby and/or Python is helpful  Excellent communication skills  Experience working with external clients and customers  Translate complex concepts to business customers  Team Player & Independent Thinker  You must be able to think on your feet, communicate constantly and professionally, and above all else meet the expectations of our clients.  Ability to communicate productively with customers to explain the technical aspects and project status.  Value Driven & Integrity At New Context, our core values are Humility, Integrity, Quality & Passion and this is lived by our employees every day! Technology we use: Automation Chef, Puppet, Docker, Ansible, Salt, Automated Testing Containerization Ecosystem Docker, Mesosphere, Rancher, CoreOS, Kubernetes Cloud & Virtualization AWS, Google Compute Engine, OpenStack, Cloudstack, kvm, libvirt Tools Jenkins, Atlassian Suite, Pivotal Tracker, Vagrant, Git Monitoring SysDig, Data Dog, AppDynamics, New Relic, Nagios, Zabbix Databases/Datastores Cassandra, Hadoop, Redis, postgresql, MySQL Security Compliance standards, firewalls, scanners, OSSEC Languages Ruby, Python, GO Our Methodologies Agile, Lean, DevOps, TDD, pair programming Please be aware that for remote applicants (to San Francisco) up to 25% travel is required for this position.    Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             New Context
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.  New Context website  Powered by Workable     Job Description: Job Title: DevOps engineer Location: SFO, CA, USA Duration: Full-Time Employment Job Description  : Who are we looking for? A mid-senior level DevOps engineer to manage a critical project for one of our biggest client in banking domain. The Individual should be passionate about technology, experienced in development and orchestration of end to end next generation tool chain with sound knowledge on cutting edge tools and platforms. Technical Skills: A techie with strong hands-on experience on the following CI/CD orchestration tool- Jenkins (Pipeline) Build tool – Maven (Genesis plugin) / Gradle Package repository – Artifactory / Nexus Source code repository – GitHub Continuous inspection – Sonar, Jacoco, Fortify Deployment orchestrator – Puppet / Chef / Bosh Programming language - in Core Java, Spring MVC, Ruby. Preferably, good exposure to UI using JQuery, JSON and Java script. A master of SQL and Oracle DB Familiar with Jira, Confluence & sharepoint Knowledge of Tomcat and Pivotal Cloud Foundry will get you additional brownie points. Job Type: Full-timeIf you have a passion for cyber security, read on! Using a unique patented approach, my client is a market leader in advanced malware protection and is growing at a very rapid pace.Â They are in search of a DevOps and Automation Engineer. You need to live in or be willing to move to San Francisco Bay, Santa Barbara, Boston, or Tampa areas. You are an avid python coder and enjoy automating processes. You will research new tools and write new tools from scratch in Python (using Debian/Ubuntu) and concatenate them, building new highly automated systems that will establish the framework for many development teams. You will be responsible for ensuring appropriate functioning of the developed systems and be ready to support the other engineers â€˜on demand.â€™ EXPERIENCE (â€œMust-havesâ€): Fluent use of Python and Bash Solid experience with Linux administration and development Familiarity with the Git version control system Knowledge of basic networking protocols (TCP, UDP, HTTP, SMTP, etc.) and network development Interest is software architecture design and development of the highest quality software DESIRED (â€œNice-to-havesâ€): The more experience you have with the following, the better: Â Debian/Ubuntu systems and deb package building Puppet Jenkins and its API Jira/Confluence and their API Testrail and its API VMware/vSphere and its API for VM management Job Type: Full-time     We Work Remotely    See more DevOps & Sysadmin jobs →  ← Back to all jobs      DevOps Engineer  Posted Nov  1   Podomatic  Headquarters: San Francisco, CA        Devops Engineer:    As our Devops Engineer you will perform the Ubuntu upgrade (from 12.04 
LTS to 14.04 LTS) on virtual and physical machines in our datacenter. 
This will entail updating of our internal Puppet infrastructure to 
support the new operating system version. Along with the upgrade will 
come upgrades of core services such as RabbitMQ, MongoDB, GlusterFS, and
 MySQL, which will require coordination with the development team to 
ensure compatibility and availability. Though most work can be performed
 remotely, there are some cases where physical access to the datacenter 
will be required.     Required skills:    Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Ubuntu Linux;  Understanding of networking concepts such as VLANs, mulltihoming, bridging, and link aggregation;  Familiarity with Puppet and Ruby;  Experience working in a physical data center environment.    Recommended skills:    Facility with DNS (bind 9)  Experience with provisioning automation  Experience with monitoring tools such as Nagios and Cacti;  Scripting in Bash and Ruby  Familiarity with Git & GitHub  Understanding of Nginx & Apache;  Knowledge of VirtualBox & Vagrant.       Tell a friend    Tweet this job    Post on LinkedIn    Help us maintain the quality of jobs posted on We Work Remotely. Let us know if this job isn’t really remote.      Apply for this position  Please email your rate and resume to jobs@podomatic.com         We Work Remotely Copyright © 2017 • Follow us on Twitter   We're Tiny along with Dribbble , Designer News , Crew , MetaLab , Flow ,
        and more.     Post a job for $299/month         Tenor Senior Site-Reliability Engineer Manager Engineering San Francisco, CA, United States We are seeking a Site-Reliability engineer with 5+ years of experience (excellent candidates with experience scaling to billions of users will be considered). Ideal candidate has experience scaling at a small-to-medium sized startup, and must be able to implement tools independently from end-to-end, has a strong sense of initiative, and is passionate about creating and automating clean, readable, and reusable code. The dream candidate would be a team player yet independent, a creative problem solver, and has a willingness to solve any problems when they arise (willing to be “on-call”). Responsibilities: -Maintain, scale, and improve our infrastructure, and handle all the administrative details in between -Set up new AWS services across multiple global regions -Set up replication and manage databases -Must have an understanding of modern deployment tools and industry standards for DevOps and Site-Reliability, and the ability to make infrastructure and tool decisions -Implement live tools for monitoring, and identify and troubleshoot live issues -Optimize server cost infrastructure -Automate where possible Here are the kinds of skills we are looking for: -AWS (scaling from hundreds of millions to billions of users) -Infrastructure and Scaling/Scalability Experience -Server-Side and Back-End Programming Experience -Consumer facing product Experience Bonus Points if you have experience working with/on: -Shell Scripting -Linux or other Unix-like Operating Systems -Python experience, or -C, Ruby, Java, or other Server Programming Language -Tool Development and Automation -Web Services and Web Architecture -Network Architecture -Database Engineering -Video Codecs -Computer Science Degree What We're Building Tenor (formerly Riffsy) helps people find the right GIF at the right moment. In a world that now largely operates via texts, social media messages, DMs and Slack channels, it can be hard to articulate exactly what you mean with keystrokes alone. Tenor’s GIF Keyboard makes it easy for people to visually express what’s on their mind. Beyond Tenor's GIF Keyboard, we extend our mobile-focused experience through our API, powering GIF sharing for partners like Facebook Messenger, Google’s G Board, LinkedIn, Kik, Kika, LinkedIn & Vodafone. Together across Tenor's offerings, hundreds of millions of users perform billions of searches every month for GIFs and videos from the world’s greatest content creators. The company is based in San Francisco, and is backed by Redpoint and Menlo Ventures. Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms        Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply      Software Engineer - Risk & Service Engineering San Francisco, CA Role At A Glance We are looking for an exceptional full stack developer who loves solving challenging problems. Plastiq has world-class Risk & Service functions that you will be building innovative software to support. You are sharp, results oriented , knowledgeable, ambitious, and determined, taking pride and ownership in everything you build. In this role, you will build our software products that empower our Risk, Compliance, Financial Operations and Customer Service teams, and ultimately, our customers. Our Stack: Plastiq operates a Continuous Delivery Model. On the frontend, we use HTML/JavaScript/CSS. On the backend, we use PHP with MySQL and MongoDB. About You 4+ years professional experience as a full-stack software developer You have deep experience with JavaScript and PHP You are very comfortable with relational databases (MySQL especially) and with NoSQL stores like MongoDB You've shipped and maintained frontend products You've built and maintained backend code/systems You love writing tests and releasing code to production You have experience with Vagrant or other containers You have great DevOps skills with Apache, MySQL, AWS, Heroku You have a willingness to take risks and move fast – done is better than perfect! You are eager to learn new languages, frameworks and tools. Your Responsibilities Write clean, modular code, complete with automated tests, that is scalable and maintainable Do QA: engineers own the quality of their code! Do DevOps: engineers deploy and maintain production code! Work with the Risk & Compliance team to build awesome software to detect fraud patterns and comply with financial rules and regulations Work with the Financial Operations team to build real-time monitoring of our financial flows in and out of the organization and identify exceptions systematically Work with the Customer Services team to build tools to help them provide our customers world-class service Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms                      Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Senior DevOps Engineer    Avesta Computer Services ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 1 week ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Senior DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: AWS,SaaS,VPC,EC2,Containers    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     AWS, SaaS, VPC, EC2, Containers, S3, ELB, RDS, Route53, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, WAF          Full Time, C2H W2, Permanent Fulltime            Market            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Title - Senior DevOps Engineer/ Devops Engineer Location - San Francisco CA Permanent Fulltime / Contract to hire  Requirements:   BS degree in Computer Science or related field is required, advanced degree preferred At least 7-10 years of equivalent work experience in a senior technical position responsible for managing multitenant SaaS software products in public or private cloud (including AWS) including design, implementation, product release, testing, support and project management Excellent understanding of technical architecture design techniques, theories, principles and practices with knowledge on broad range of hardware and software products (including experience deploying, managing, and operating scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems on AWS) Excellent knowledge and understanding for use, deployment and management of AWS services for SaaS products such as VPC, EC2, Containers, S3, ELB, RDS, Route53, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, WAF, HSM/KMS, IAM, Code Commit, Elastic Bean Stalk, Cloud Trail, API Gateways and other AWS development and management tools Ability to define and deploy monitoring, metrics, and logging systems Strong grasp of automation and monitoring tools (ability to automate repeatable tasks via scripting) Demonstrated ability to understand, implement, and automate security controls, governance processes, and compliance validation Demonstrated ability to communicate business and technical ideas to varied audiences including customers, peer engineers, and senior leadership Send your resume along with complete contact details to monica at avestacs dot com       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Monica Pawar  1 Executive Drive, Suite 120
				
				
					
						Somerset, NJ, 08873  Contact               Avesta Computer Services,     Dice Id : avesta    Position Id : 910549      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   DevOps Engineer   Encore Software Services  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Cloud   DCM Data Systems  San Ramon, CA     Sr. Devops Engineer   Xoriant Corporation  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    DevOps Engineer   Elevano  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Rose IT Corp.  San Francisco, CA     DevOPs Infrastructure Engineer   Ngusoft Inc  Redwood City, CA     Senior DevOps Engineer   Avesta Computer Services  San Francisco, CA     Sr DevOps Engineer   The Armada Group  San Francisco, CA     Devops Engineer   Red Oak Technologies, Inc.  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Engineer, (Cloud, Azure)   Grid Dynamics International, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Devops Engineer- Azure   Xconic  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Engineer 3   Asurion LLC  San Mateo, CA     DevOps Engineer   Etouch Systems Corp  Fremont, CA     DevOps Engineer   Fusion IT Inc  San Francisco, CA     Cloud Operations DevOps (4 Openings)   APN Software Services, Inc  Redwood City, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Senior DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Senior DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Senior DevOps Engineer with Avesta Computer Services through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Senior DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                  Apply Now  Senior Java Developer  at RiskIQ  (View all jobs)  San Francisco          RiskIQ is the leader in digital threat management, providing the most comprehensive discovery, intelligence, and mitigation of threats associated with an organization’s digital presence. With more than 80 percent of attacks originating outside the firewall, RiskIQ allows enterprises to gain unified insight and control over web, social, and mobile exposures. Trusted by thousands of security analysts, RiskIQ’s platform combines advanced internet data reconnaissance and analytics to expedite investigations, understand digital attack surfaces, assess risk, and take action to protect business, brand, and customers. Based in San Francisco, the company is backed by Summit Partners, Battery Ventures, Georgian Partners, and MassMutual Ventures. We are looking for a Senior Java Developer to join our team in either San Francisco, CA or Shawnee, KS.     Our Engineering team is at the core of advancing our technologies that will compose our next generation of internet and mobile security products. A successful candidate will be a highly motivated team member with a passion for finding creative solutions for the problems our business faces. As a Software Engineer at RiskIQ, you will be a critical piece of executing our overall strategy and vision for our product initiatives.   Your responsibilities will include   Acting in a hands-on fashion with every aspect of our application stack.  Analyzing, designing, developing, and testing of your projects to defined deadlines and exacting standards.  Partnering with our DevOps team to design, deliver, and scale infrastructural solutions to meet the needs of our business.   Requirements   5+ years of hands-on experience of Java Development, ideally in a SaaS environment.  Significant experience with many of the following:   Java programming concepts  SQL, particularly with MySQL  HTTP/Web  Testing pardigms  Unix / Linux  Scripting languages such as Bash, Python, and Ruby.  SDLC Tools, such Subversion, Git, and Jenkins     Desired experience with some of the following:   Lucene/Solr or similar full text indexing platforms.  Network Programming  Worked with Cassandra, Hadoop, or other NoSQL implementations  SysAdmin or DBA experience  Android/iOS development  ActiveMQ or other messaging middleware  Proficiency in one other language  Machine Learning    Why work at RiskIQ?   Silicon Valley Vibe in Kansas - Some of our perks include: Unlimited time off, stock options, medical, dental & vision benefits, fully stocked kitchen, weekly lunches, fun and flexible work environment  Fascinating work - Welcome to the dark underbelly of the Internet. We detect, expose, and investigate malware, exploit kits, botnets, affiliate fraud, advertising fraud, and illicit mobile apps, and much more. It is the golden age of internet crime, and we are at the forefront of defensive efforts to stem the tide.  Internet security is a global growth industry, and the knowledge you acquire here will be a marketable skill for decades to come.  We’re a company on the forefront of a burgeoning industry - We've recently celebrated several new milestones headlined by 80% year-over-year growth revenue growth, the closing of $30.5 million in Series C funding, and recognition by Forrester in its Forrester Wave™: Digital Risk Monitoring, Q3 2016 report, which named RiskIQ a leader.  Top Leadership - Our CEO is a renowned cybersecurity veteran known for his expertise. Our leadership group is poised and experienced with a track record in technology and cyber security.  Unbounded opportunity - We are small, but we’re growing. At RiskIQ, you’ll be provided with as much responsibility as you can handle—new career development opportunities constantly arise given our rate of growth. Want to design a new data center from the ground up? Architect a big data backend to increase our storage and analysis capabilities? These challenges are yours for the taking if you prove you're capable.               Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at RiskIQ are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Director, Platform Engineering  at Sparkcentral  (View all jobs)  Headquarters - SF    Why Join Us?  We all know that excellent customer service keeps customers coming back for more. At Sparkcentral, we really get that, and our small company works with some of the most amazing brands out there, (Uber, Dropbox, Delta Air Lines, Netflix, Jetblue, Discover, Nordstrom, etc.) to help deliver quick and efficient customer engagement.  Sparkcentral has quickly become an industry thought-leader that is changing the way enterprises help and engage customers. Our goal is to inspire and enable amazing customer experiences, and we’re doing this by completely re-imagining what enterprise customer service software should look like.  You would be joining a group of extraordinarily talented people who are dedicated, hardworking, and passionate about customer care. We work at an incredible pace, but also have fun while doing it. We want to add you to our team so you can grow with us and bring new ideas to the table. We need you to bring your skills and insight to the table and work with us to help make our product better. In other words, we hire people who have tremendous drive, organization, and, above all, passion. Sound like you? Let’s talk.  About this Role  As our Director of Engineering, you will be a key leader of a group of dedicated engineers developing quality, maintainable software in a delivery focused Agile environment. Although we expect the candidate to have had a strong, hands-on technical background, this is a manager role, not a coding role. Your technical experience and knowledge will give you the skills to mentor and guide the team in technical and design decisions, and the know-how to evaluate the team on their strengths and weaknesses. You are passionate about making Agile teams work effectively through automated testing, collaborative development, iterative delivery, and continuous deployment. A large part of the role is people management and developing a culture that emphasizes collaboration, transparency, accountability, skill development, and a positive ‘can do’ approach.  As a key leader, you will leverage your communication skills to communicate your plans and engineering focus to the wider company, and business goals and strategy to your teams. You will partner with Product Management to define the delivery plan based on the business requirements, and drive its execution. You will work closely with senior executives to understand the business vision and strategy that will guide your decision making. And you will encourage your team to have a customer focus on escalations and production problems.  Qualifications   A minimum of 10 years experiencing in software engineering  A minimum of 5 years experience leading multiple teams concurrently  Have spent a minimum of 3 of the last 5 years in a startup  BS in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience  Deep experience with managing Agile teams and processes  A solid understanding of object-oriented programming, design patterns, and building APIs  Strong skills with cloud computing (specifically AWS) and DevOps  Experience working in PHP, Java, JavaScript, Node.js, SQL and non-SQL datastores  Strong interpersonal and communication skills   What Will Set You Apart   Passionate about Agile methodology  A love for solving problems and delighting customers  Self starter with the ability to drive tool and methodology discussions  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills and strong intra-team communication  A commitment to drive teams in quality-oriented practices  Experience building teams of high-performing engineers   Our Environment   AWS (EC2, RDS, ElastiCache, ELB, S3)  Linux (Ubuntu)  nginx  PHP (Symfony)  Java (Spring Framework)  Node.js  Backbone.js and React  Elasticsearch  MySQL  Cassandra  Redis  Kafka  Vagrant  Ansible and Terraform   Perks   Competitive salary + equity + medical/dental/vision benefits + 401(k)  Flexible paid vacation time  Tons of drinks and snacks in the office  Our fancy espresso machine (aka Optimus Grind) that makes everything from lattes to cappuccinos to irish coffees at the click of a button  Catered lunch  Powerful Apple products + automatic adjustable desks  Convenient office within a 10-minute walk from BART/Muni Underground  Option to work remotely when necessary  Google apps, Dropbox, Drive, Slack, Mac everything          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Sparkcentral are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                   Lending Club  Utilities      Personal Loans    Business Loans    Patient Solutions    Investing    How It Works    About Us       Sign in    Help    Personal Loans    Business Loans    Patient Solutions    Investing    How It Works    View Full Site              Lead Software Engineer, UI    Location:  San Francisco, CA (Headquarters)    Category:  All Technology    Req ID:  1048     Description  About Us  Lending Club (NYSE: LC) opened in 2007 with one simple mission: create a more efficient, transparent and customer-friendly alternative to the traditional banking system that offers creditworthy borrowers lower interest rates and investors better returns. Today, we’re the world’s largest online credit marketplace, and we’re radically changing the way lending operates. We’re proud of the recognition we’ve received, including being named a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, a CNBC Disruptor 50, and one of The World’s 10 Most Innovative Companies in Finance by Fast Company. We’re conveniently located in downtown San Francisco, California.  The Role  The Lending Club UI Platform team is looking for passionate, modern day UI/JavaScript developers that understand that building complex web experiences requires truly engineered solutions. The UI engineering mindset and toolbox has radically advanced over the last couple years. We are embracing this change by redefining our whole UI architecture, using modern open source libraries. DevOps is integrated into everything a modern engineer does, and we embrace owning our platform from code commit to production deployment. We are looking for experienced people who also support this movement and want to be part of our mission to transform the banking system. We have a unique opportunity for you to bring your talent and passion to drive a massive change in how we build users experiences across all of our product lines and how consumers experience the Lending Club platform.  Ideal Candidate  · 5-7 years software engineering experience in a web environment in any language  ·         2+ years hands-on production level coding experience with Node.js in a consumer application  ·         Deep experience with unit test patterns (nice to have used Jasmine, Mocha, or similar)  ·         Production experience with npm, gulp, asset pipelines (browserify, webpack, or similar)  ·         Practical knowledge of idiomatic JavaScript programming patterns  ·         Ability to create web applications that maintain a rich experience using stateless HTTP design patterns  ·         2+ years working in an API-driven environment, consuming RESTful APIs from Node (i.e. Microservices)  Bonus points  · Experience with React-Redux or other similar modern frameworks  ·         Knowledge and experience with ES6+  ·         Currently working in TDD style, experience and affinity with dev-authored integration and functional tests  ·         Experience with CI/CD and DevOps tools (Jenkins, Docker, etc.)  ·         Understanding of modern customer development strategies (Lean Startup, marketing, etc.)  ·         Cross-browser, cross-platform UI design    Why Join Us?  We offer all the important stuff like competitive salaries, equity, 100% paid medical and dental, and because we've been around longer we also have stuff like great food, game rooms, a super convenient location in downtown SF and a 401K match. More importantly, we're the clear market leader, which gives us awesome momentum. As Forbes put it, "While not often thought of as a "sharing economy" company, given the massive size of the financial industry Lending Club could end up being one of the most disruptive–and largest–companies in this sector." We think one of our own employees put it best: "Many companies talk about reshaping an industry, but Lending Club is one of the few that is actually achieving this lofty goal. Growth comes in monthly leaps that just seem to keep accelerating, leading to ever-larger opportunities. There is an intriguing focus on how to get more efficient and do bigger things. Working here is definitely a chance to be a part of something special."  #LI-BM1                     Are you a returning applicant?              Previous Applicants:    Email:     Password:      If you do not remember your password click here .     Back to Search Results    New Search             FOLLOW US:           71 Stevenson Street, Suite 300  San Francisco , CA  94105 , USA         Home  About Us  Careers      Privacy  Affiliates  Risks  Developers  Agreements  Prospectus  Terms of Use  SEC Filings  Statistics       © Copyright 2006-2014. All rights reserved. Equal Housing Lender       Go to the main content section. | My Account Options | Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Advanced Search | All Jobs My Submissions | My Job Cart | My Saved Searches | My Referrals Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page     -    Description   Qualifications   Job :  Primary Location :  Other Locations :  Organization :  Schedule :  Job Posting :   Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile    Blue Shield of California Homepage | Blue Shield of CA EEO Policy | Blue Shield of CA Privacy Policy | Technical Help © Blue Shield of California 1999-2017. All rights reserved. Blue Shield of California is an independent member of the Blue Shield Association.                   × close                     Jobs   Jobs   Jobs                 « Back to all jobs                  © 2017 Practice Fusion, Inc.  | Site Map | Terms | Privacy Policy | EHR Certification                 Job Summary Are you a governance, risk-management, and compliance expert? Our mantra is making compliance simpler. Reciprocity needs you to help us come up with the best strategies to implement ZenGRC for our customers. About us Reciprocity is revolutionizing the GRC industry with our hosted solution, integrated with Google apps. Reciprocity’s ZenGRC allows customers to quickly hit current audit deadlines, manage multiple compliance programs, and be better corporate citizens. About you You’ve audited or taken customers through successful information security and/or financial audits. You are a governance subject matter expert. You understand computer and network security, risk management, security architecture and can speak the language of DevOps engineers. You’ve written IS policy and procedures. You know SOC 2, SOX, CSA, COSO, SSAE 16, Fedramp, COBIT, ISO and know them well. You have certifications such as CISA, CISSP, CISM, CGEIT, & CRISC. About the job Our customers use ZenGRC for a variety of use cases. Some customers have controls in place and are focused on risk. Some need their control sets and/or policies rewritten or created from scratch. Some customers are seeking to understand why controls are needed and have little idea on where to start. As such, our GRC experts are able to advise our customers on the best course of action, depending on the customer’s goals.GRC experts also help our customers keep their system-of-record updated. Our content library always remains current with all updates pertaining to the latest revisions of standards and regulations. We’ve adopted a unified approach to compliance by offering our customers a consolidated framework to jumpstart their progress. As such, updates to standards require updates to the consolidated framework. Our GRC experts know compliance very well and have the ability to translate lots of complex requirements into actionable tasks. Lastly, we will train you on ZenGRC and look for your guidance on product improvements. This includes everything from ideation of a feature, to mockups, to usability testing and implementation. Please apply to this position on our website: https://jobs.lever.co/reciprocity.com/2e9c223f-bff5-43ce-84b0-d9f97ec09b73 Job Type: Part-time Salary: $40.00 /hour Required experience: GRC: 2 years     We Work Remotely    See more DevOps & Sysadmin jobs →  ← Back to all jobs      DevOps Engineer  Posted Nov  7   Toptal LLC  Headquarters: San Francisco  https://goo.gl/jgxJcm           Toptal is one of the most innovative and rapidly expanding tech start-ups from Silicon Valley. With backing from investors such as Andreessen Horowitz and Adam D’Angelo, our platform is the fastest growing labor marketplace in the history of the Internet—connecting thousands of elite engineers all over the world. In the last four years, Toptal has become the #1 choice for tech companies requiring top-tier engineering talent and for the top 3% of freelancers looking for their next challenge.  We are looking for an experienced and passionate DevOps Engineer with a background in systems, programming, and networking. To excel in this role, you must be a detail-oriented perfectionist capable of monitoring infrastructure and operations to ensure high availability and performance of web applications and services. This position will require working on development, networking, security, and system administration while working with development and product teams to maintain the reliability of existing and new features as they're tested and deployed, as well as with infrastructure teams on efficient automation, scaling, and security of our infrastructure and network. Benefits:   Freedom to choose your own schedule and choose from a variety of hourly, part-time, and full-time projects.    The ability to work from wherever you want. Whether you prefer traveling and working from exotic beaches or spending time with your family and working from home, the choice is yours.    Access to a thriving, collaborative community of talented peers.    Invitations to frequent Toptal events going on around the world, including dinners, tech talks, conferences, and more.    Extremely competitive compensation.   Responsibilities:   Automate provisioning, deployment, and scaling of software infrastructure.    Work with other teams to ensure testing is automated and streamlined.    Make sure services are dynamically scalable, highly, available and fault tolerant.    Develop a monitoring, alerting, and anomaly detection framework for our services.    Analyze system performance and devise solutions for bottlenecks and other issues.    Make sure all systems have a highly secure and up-to-date configuration.    Work with developers on troubleshooting and bug investigation.   Requirements:   Ability to learn and use a wide array of open source technologies and tools.    Intimate knowledge of Linux debugging, scripting, and configuration management.    Experience with writing infrastructure-as-code.    Experience with automated build systems.    Advanced knowledge of source control management systems (git).    Familiarity with security principles and networking.    Strong experience with continuous integration and delivery.    Ability to work on large multi-team projects with a high level of independence.         Tell a friend    Tweet this job    Post on LinkedIn    Help us maintain the quality of jobs posted on We Work Remotely. Let us know if this job isn’t really remote.      Apply for this position  Please apply using the following link: https://goo.gl/jgxJcm         We Work Remotely Copyright © 2017 • Follow us on Twitter   We're Tiny along with Dribbble , Designer News , Crew , MetaLab , Flow ,
        and more.     Post a job for $299/month                 SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please contact us at EMEA: +49 6227 7 48599 and careers@sap.com, Americas: hrdirectamericas@sap.com, APJ: hrdirectapj@sap.com. Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.        Sign in        Career Home    University Programs   Current Students  Recent Graduates     Internal Employees    Life at SAP   Offices  People  Culture  Benefits  Career Development     Featured Jobs   Sales  Marketing & Communications  Consulting Services & Customer Support  Corporate Operations  Development & Technology  Finance  Human Resources  Executive & Management  University     Locations    Join Our Talent Community        University Programs  Current Students  Recent Graduates   Internal Employees   Life at SAP  Offices  People  Culture  Benefits  Career Development   Featured Jobs  Sales  Marketing & Communications  Consulting Services & Customer Support  Corporate Operations  Development & Technology  Finance  Human Resources  Executive & Management  University   Locations   Talent Network  Join Our Talent Community    Sign in            Search by Keyword      Search by Location                  Search by Keyword      Search by Location             Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now              Start           Please wait...         Share this Job                          Senior DevOps Engineer - SAP.iO Job  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Start apply with Xing            Apply Now              Start           Please wait...       Date:  Nov 5, 2017    Location:  San Francisco, CA, US    Company:  SAP    Requisition ID: 157543  Work Area: Software-Design and Development  Expected Travel: 0 - 10%  Career Status: Professional  Employment Type: Regular Full Time    COMPANY DESCRIPTION    As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably.    Senior DevOps Engineer - SAP.iO    At SAP.iO, we strive to build insanely great products by building insanely great teams. We’re looking for a passionate DevOps Engineer to help the startup teams in our incubator build awesome products.  You'll work on the core team and provide mentoring and guidance, as well as rolling up your sleeves and getting your hands dirty. The focus is creating MVPs and rapidly iterating towards product-market fit, and then preparing for scale. You should be obsessed with building a secure foundation and keeping the lights on.    BACKGROUND    SAP.iO is a unit within SAP, charged with creating the next organic growth engines for SAP as an organization.    With more than €20 billion in annual sales, SAP manages an enormous diversity of businesses. However, moving the needle inside of SAP’s dominant enterprise business requires adding more than incremental innovation – it requires the development of massively disruptive organizations.    The task of SAP.iO is to create those businesses, using SAP’s unique position and differentiated data sources to transform industries ranging from people management to security.    PURPOSE    The SAP.iO incubation process is modeled after a venture-capital approach to building startups. Startups built within SAP.iO incubation operate differently to traditional corporate business units in three distinct ways:    1. General Managers are entrusted with end-to-end responsibilities for their projects – building cross functional teams to tackle business problems; 2. Teams manage cash – budgeting is not on an annual basis but provided to prove business value over multi-year horizons; 3. Boards are created to provide oversight and guidance on a regular basis – providing senior sponsorship and involvement throughout the lifecycle of a project.    Startups that receive funding through SAP.iO incubation must be big enough to move the needle at SAP, attack new market opportunities for the company, and be able to be tested through rapid iteration and constant customer feedback.    We are looking for an experienced DevOps engineer looking for an exciting opportunity to manage the development and release of several products. This role will be a member of our centralized incubation team working across our portfolio. That said, if a particular business is of interest, there are opportunities to join individual startups as they grow.    RESPONSIBILITIES    - Set up and/or improve CI/CD pipelines for incubations in SAP.iO - Automate monitoring and alerting solutions to detect any unplanned downtime - Configure security, both network and application/software component - (Re)architect applications for scale (implement failover/high availability) - Advise and mentor teams as they build out their own DevOps capabilities    REQUIREMENTS    - Expertise in AWS. Knowledge of Azure, Google Cloud Platform a plus. - Expertise in running, tuning, and securing a wide variety of common open source components o SQL and NoSQL databases like Postgres, Couch, Mongo, etc. o Web servers like Nginx - Willingness to learn new technologies as they arise; each incubation has different Needs - Knowledge of best practices in IT operations (i.e. keeping the lights on) - Strong scripting and automation capabilities - Software programming experience in a variety of languages - Strong background in system administration (Linux) - Ability to work on multiple products simultaneously - 7+ years of practical experience    LOCATION AND TRAVEL    The SAP.iO office will be located in the South of Market area of San Francisco, California beginning January 2018. Some startup teams will be located elsewhere, including our Palo Alto campus as well as our international campuses. As such, there may be travel involved, but no more than 15%.     SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT    To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.    SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com , APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com , EMEA: C areers@sap.com ). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.    EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:    Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.  Additional Locations:     Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  SAP, ERP, Developer, Engineer, Cloud, Technology, Engineering     Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Start apply with Xing            Apply Now              Start           Please wait...         Find similar jobs:   SQL Jobs in the United States,  SAP Jobs in San Francisco,  ERP Jobs in Oakland,  Developer Jobs in the United States,  Developer Jobs in San Francisco         ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.     Email*   Not you?    Password*     Forgot Password?    Submit   Cancel    * required field        ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.     Email*   Not you?    Password*     Forgot Password?    Submit   Cancel    * required field        ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:       Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.    1. Reset your password:   The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.   Click here to reset your Password      2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel           ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:       Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.    1. Reset your password:   The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.   Click here to reset your Password      2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel           ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.     Confirm           ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.     Confirm           ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.     Email*    Not you?     Password*     Forgot Password?    Sign in   Cancel    * required field        ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.     Email*    Not you?     Password*     Forgot Password?    Sign in   Cancel    * required field        ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users     Email*     Password*     Forgot Password?     Sign in    * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create             ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »          ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »            Follow SAP   Follow SAP on Facebook  Follow SAP on Twitter  Follow SAP on LinkedIn  Follow SAP on Instagram  Follow SAP on YouTube     SAP Careers  SAP.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy  Impressum                                                                                 1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Systems Engineer / DevOps - Infrastructure  Delivery     Job Category:   Technology - Infrastructure Engineering     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ)     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        As a  SysEng/DevOps Engineer in the Infrastructure Engineering organization, you will be a member of a dynamic team focusing on building and maintaining an enterprise level, cloud computing infrastructure. You understand and apply a wide variety of concepts, practices and procedures of service delivery engineering, and can resolve a wide range of issues in creative ways.  You are a self-starter, able to make quick, effective decisions and think outside the box.  Take management requirements and are able to design and implement automation. You work on multiple projects of moderate complexity.  Demonstrate good judgment and use your expertise in selecting methods and techniques for developing solutions.  Doing more with less is a challenge in which you excel.  Roles & Responsibilities:   You will be part of CANS (Capacity Add and New Services) team within the Service Engineering org.   Required to define requirements for, and write/test custom tools to handle DevOps work  not covered by the tools team (Compute Systems).   Work very closely with the tools team (Compute Systems) to provide feedback and requirements for enhancements of the tools you will use for the Infrastructure build outs. Contribute code wherever possible to their code bases to drive improvement.   Responsible for infrastructure builds for production capacity and new services rollout. You will also be responsible for DevOps support to our Service Engineers and the R&D teams.   Work very closely with Service Engineers to provide build and DevOps support to the new micro services.   Must make ownership and accountability for one’s actions, and be known for meticulous attention to detail.   Develop and leverage your already strong leadership, influence and communication skills. Service Engineering develops those cross-technology skills that will serve you well in whatever direction you take your career down the road   Experience/Skills required:   BS/BA Degree in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience.   Experience with automation frameworks such as Puppet, Ansible, and Rundeck. Experience designing, deploying and maintaining Puppet based solutions.   Strong automation and coding experience using Shell/Python/Golang.   Experience in implementing micro services using Docker and Kubernetes.   Experienced in using wide variety of open source Technologies and Cloud services like AWS, Azure etc.   Mandatory Knowledge on RHEL/CentOS 6.x or above. Experience designing, deploying and maintaining bare metal provisioning and multiple server installation (Kickstart).   Understanding/management of code repositories like SVN/Git.   Understanding of Authentication Authorization and Accounting servers Kerberos / Active Directory / LDAP / RADIUS etc.   Experience building and configuring major Internet host/network services including but not limited to: Web (http, SSL, etc.), DNS, NFS, NIS/NIS+, databases (MySQL, Oracle, Postgres etc.) and Java.   Strong Networking experience - TCP/IP, administration of networking hardware (Cisco, Foundry, etc.), load balancing  - Considered a PLUS   Firewall/security experience - access control list management, secure remote access management practices, IDS, etc. - Considered a PLUS   Experience/Skills Desired:   Knowledge of Algorithms and Data Structures.   Excellent communication skills (written/verbal)   Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills, conducive to team development.   Knowledge of Agile Development or Scrum Project Management methodologies.   About Salesforce:  Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” six years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” nine years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.  *LI-Y       Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Systems Engineer / DevOps - Infrastructure  Delivery position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today     1-888-991-2791 | 24/7 Live Support  Location | Careers | Contact Us                     Our Process  Services  Case Studies  Clients  Partners  Blog  About Us  Contact                 ClearScale Is Growing  Talk to a Cloud Specialist          Overview  Our Team  Careers  Cloud Resources  Contact Us          We empower teams to achieve their goals  ClearScale is a leading cloud systems integration firm providing a wide range of cloud services including architecture design, development, integration, migration, automation, and managed services. We help Fortune 500 enterprises, mid-sized business, and startups succeed with ambitious, challenging, and unique cloud projects. We architect, develop, and launch innovative and sophisticated solutions using the best cutting-edge cloud technologies.  ClearScale is growing quickly and there is high demand for the services we provide. Clients come to us for our deep experience with key cloud infrastructure, automation, and management providers like AWS, Chef, and Docker.  This is a unique opportunity to make a big impact, enjoy competitive compensation, work on a wide variety of projects for clients across multiple industries, and work alongside some of the best minds in cloud.  See below for open positions and details on how to apply.  Current openings      ClearScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: ClearScale is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at ClearScale are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. ClearScale will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. ClearScale encourages applicants of all ages.           Case Study   Innovation Leadership “Samsung Cloud Print”  Read Case Study        Blog  Robust & Scalable Voter Guide Solution Leveraging Amazon Web Services  Read Blog        White Paper   San Jose Water Company Expedites New Feature Delivery with DevOps Help from ClearScale on AWS  Read White Paper        Case Study   The Big Data Infrastructure That Powers The Globe and Mail’s Article Recommendation Engine  Read Case Study              San Francisco  Headquarters  71 Stevenson St.  Suite 400  San Francisco, CA 94105  O: 1-888-991-2791  F: 1-415-655-6601    Denver  999 18th Street,  Suite 3000  Denver, CO 80202  O: 1-303-357-4738    Phoenix  2266 South Dobson Road  Suite 200  Mesa, AZ 85202  O: 1-480-603-3034    Toronto  100 King Street West  Suite 5600  Toronto, Ontario, M5X 1C9  O: 1-416-479-5447    New York  165 Broadway, 23rd Floor  New York City, NY 10006  O: 1-646-759-3656                    © 2017 ClearScale, LLC. All Rights Reserved.  About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy                        live chat answering service                        Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Share  |  Connect      Connect       Job Search  Apply Now       WWW.wipro.com    CONTACT US   Global      Go to Wipro in your region   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India      Americas  Latam  Africa  Europe  India  Asean  ANZ            Careers         Who we are       About Wipro  Benefits of Joining  Leadership Careers  Sales Careers  Technology Careers  Consulting Careers    Corporate Functions Careers   Business Process Services Careers   Digital Careers  Campus      Who we are Wipro offers challenging assignments and a world-class working environment.     Meet our people   Our Culture       Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability      Our Culture We strive to create an open, engaging and employee-friendly workplace.      Campus       Engineering  MBAs  Science Graduates  WASE  WiSTA  GIS  Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global      Campus Discover an exciting world full of opportunities      Work with us       Job Search  Apply Now    GLOBAL   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India       Work with us Discover the opportunity that suits you best.      Staffing Partners       Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process      Staffing Partners We partner with the best, to get the best.      Help center       Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  Fraud Awarness  FAQs       Help center At Wipro we are always there to help you grow, learn and reach your potential.         Global      Go to Wipro in your region   Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India                Work with us  Discover the opportunity that suits you best.      Job Search |  Apply Now  |  Africa  |  Americas  |  ANZ  |  Asean  |  Continental Europe  |  LATAM  |  India    Home > Work with us > Job Details         Project Lead - DevOps Apps BUSINESS APPLICATIONS SERVICES San Francisco Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 541989 Back  Share This Job      Related Jobs Solution Architect - .Net Chennai Experience : 8-10 YEARS Job Code : 517663 View Now  Related Jobs Tech Lead .NET Chennai Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 512107 View Now  Related Jobs Tech Lead .NET Chennai Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 512106 View Now    Fill in your details to apply.  Fields marked with * are mandatory    Upload Your Resume     *  (Attach only doc,docx,pdf,html, rtf,txt and size less than 2MB)   Upload Resume     First Name    *     Last Name    *     Email Id    *     Contact Number    *     Experience     Select Years  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  19  20  21  22  23  24  25  26  27  28  29  30  31  32  33  34  35  36  37  38  39  40      Select Months  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11    *     Current Organization    *     Expected Annual Salary (with currency)        Select Currency  AED  Argentine Pesos  AUD  Bahraini Dinar  BEF  Brazilian Real  Burmese Kyat  CANADIAN$  CHF  Chilean Peso  China Yuan Renminbi  COLOMBIAN PESOS  Czech Koruna  Danish Krone  DEM  Dirham  Egyptian Pound  Euro  FIM  French Franc  FRF  GBP  GBP-Pound  Hong Kong Dollar  HUF  IDR  INR  Iranian Riyal  Israeli Shekel  ITL  JPY  KAZAKHSTAN  Kenyan Shilling  Korean Won  KRW  Kuwaiti dinar  KZT  LKR  Malaysia Ringgits  Mauritian Rupee  Mexico Pesos  Newzeland$  Nigerian naira  Norwegian Krone  Omani Rial  PEN  Philippines Currency  - PHP  PKR  PLN  Qatar Riyal  Qatari Riyals  RMB  RON  Russian Ruble  Saudi Arabian Riyal  SEK  SGD  South Africa Rand  Thai Baht  Tunisian Dinar  Turkish Lira  TWD  Ugandan Shillings  Ukrainian Hryvna  USD  VND    *     Notice Period     Select Notice Period  Immediate  15 Days  1 Month  2 Months  3 Months  >3 Months    *     Resident Country     Select Country  Algeria  Argentina  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belgium  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia  Brazil  Bulgaria  Cameroon  Canada  Cayman Islands  Chad  Chile  China  Colombia  Congo  Costa Rica  Croatia  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Dominican Rep.  Douglas  Egypt  El Salvador  Ethiopia  Europe  Fiji  Finland  France  Gabon  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Guam  Guatemala  Guinea  Honduras  Hong Kong  Hungary  India  Indonesia  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Latvia  Lebanon  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Malta  Mauretania  Mauritius  Mexico  Morocco  Mozambique  Myanmar  Nepal  Netherlands  New Zealand  Nigeria  No Preference  North Korea  Norway  Oman  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Poland  Portugal  Puerto Rico  Qatar  Rumania  Russian Fed.  Rwanda  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Singapore  Slovakia  South Africa  South Korea  Spain  Sri Lanka  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Taiwan  Thailand  Trinidad,Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Uganda  Ukraine  United Kingdom  USA  Utd.Arab.Emir.  Vatican City  Venezuela  Vietnam  Zambia    *       Working In the USA  Are you currently authorized to work for Wipro in the USA?     Yes      No     Do you now, or will you in the future, require sponsorship by Wipro (or any employer) to be authorized to work in the United States?     Yes      No     This position is for a roving employee . The employee must be willing to relocate as business needs demand. Would you be willing to relocate during the course of your employment?     Yes      No       The below fields are not mandatory. You can choose to skip and go to the bottom of the form to directly upload your resume.  Residential Address In USA   Address Line 1         Address Line 2         City         State     Select Location  Abington - Connecticut  Abington - Massachusetts  Abington - Pennsylvania  Accord  Acworth  Adair Village  Addicks Barker  Addison - Alabama  Addison - Illinois  Addison - Maine  Addison - Michigan  Addison - New York  Addison - Texas  Adelaide  Agana  Agana Heights  Agat  Aiken  Ajo  Akiachak  Akron  Alameda  Albany - California  Albany - Georgia  Albany - Illinois  Albany - Indiana  Albany - Kentucky  Albany - Louisiana  Albany - Minnesota  Albany - Missouri  Albany - New York  Albany - Ohio  Albany - Oklahoma  Albany - Oregon  Albany - Texas  Albany - Vermont  Albany - Wisconsin  Albuquerque  Alexandria - Tennessee  Alexandria - Virginia  Algonquin  Aliso Viejo  Allentown  Alma  Alpharetta  Alpine  Alviso  Alviso San Jose  American Canyon  Amherst  Anaheim  Anaheim  Anaheim  Anchorage  Anchorage  Anderson  Andover - Connecticut  Andover - Illinois  Andover - Iowa  Andover - Kansas  Andover - Maine  Andover - Massachusetts  Andover - New Hampshire  Andover - New Jersey  Andover - New York  Andover - Ohio  Andover - South Dakota  Andover - Virginia  Ann Arbor  Annapolis  Anoka  Antioch  Applegate  Appleton - Minnesota  Appleton - Wisconsin  Arcadia  Arden Hills  Argyle  Arlington - Alabama  Arlington - Arizona  Arlington - Colorado  Arlington - Georgia  Arlington - Illinois  Arlington - Indiana  Arlington - Iowa  Arlington - Kansas  Arlington - Kentucky  Arlington - Massachusetts  Arlington - Minnesota  Arlington - Nebraska  Arlington - Ohio  Arlington - Oregon  Arlington - South Dakota  Arlington - Tennessee  Arlington - Texas  Arlington - Vermont  Arlington - Virginia  Arlington - Washington  Arlington - Wisconsin  Arlington Heights  Arvada  Asan  Ashburn - Georgia  Ashburn - Missouri  Ashburn - Virginia  Ashland  Ashley  Athens - Alabama  Athens - Georgia  Athens - Illinois  Athens - Indiana  Athens - Louisiana  Athens - Maine  Athens - Michigan  Athens - New York  Athens - Ohio  Athens - Tennessee  Athens - Texas  Athens - West Virginia  Athens - Wisconsin  Atlanta - Georgia  Atlanta - Idaho  Atlanta - Illinois  Atlanta - Indiana  Atlanta - Kansas  Atlanta - Louisiana  Atlanta - Michigan  Atlanta - Missouri  Atlanta - Nebraska  Atlanta - New York  Atlanta - Texas  Auburn - Alabama  Auburn - Georgia  Auburn - Illinois  Auburn - Indiana  Auburn - Iowa  Auburn - Kansas  Auburn - Kentucky  Auburn - Maine  Auburn - Massachusetts  Auburn - Michigan  Auburn - Nebraska  Auburn - New Hampshire  Auburn - New York  Auburn - Washington  Auburn - West Virginia  Auburn - Wyoming  Auburn Hills  Auburndale  Augusta  Aurora - Colorado  Aurora - Illinois  Aurora - Indiana  Aurora - Iowa  Aurora - Kansas  Aurora - Maine  Aurora - Minnesota  Aurora - Missouri  Aurora - Nebraska  Aurora - New York  Aurora - North Carolina  Aurora - Ohio  Aurora - Oregon  Aurora - South Dakota  Aurora - Utah  Aurora - West Virginia  Austell  Austin - Arkansas  Austin - Colorado  Austin - Indiana  Austin - Kentucky  Austin - Minnesota  Austin - Nevada  Austin - Texas  Avenel  Avon  Avon By The Sea  Avondale  Bakersfield  Ballwin  Baltimore  Bannockburn  Bardstown  Barrigada  Barrington  Bartlett  Basking Ridge  Batesville - Arkansas  Batesville - Indiana  Batesville - Mississippi  Batesville - Texas  Batesville - Virginia  Baton Rouge  Battle Creek  Baudette  Bayonne  Beachwood  Bear  Beaumont  Beaver - Alaska  Beaver - Arkansas  Beaver - Iowa  Beaver - Kansas  Beaver - Kentucky  Beaver - Ohio  Beaver - Oklahoma  Beaver - Oregon  Beaver - Utah  Beaver - Washington  Beaver - West Virginia  Beaverton - Alabama  Beaverton - Michigan  Beaverton - Oregon  Bedford - New Hampshire  Bedford - Texas  Bedminster  Bel Aire  Belle Mead  Belleville - Arkansas  Belleville - Illinois  Belleville - Kansas  Belleville - Michigan  Belleville - New Jersey  Belleville - New York  Belleville - West Virginia  Belleville - Wisconsin  Bellevue - Idaho  Bellevue - Iowa  Bellevue - Kentucky  Bellevue - Michigan  Bellevue - Nebraska  Bellevue - Ohio  Bellevue - Texas  Bellevue - Washington  Bellingham  Belmont  Beltsville  Bend  Bennett Springs  Bensalem  Benton Harbor  Bentonville  Berea  Berkeley Heights  Berlin Township  Bethesda  Bethlehem - Connecticut  Bethlehem - Georgia  Bethlehem - Indiana  Bethlehem - Kentucky  Bethlehem - Maryland  Bethlehem - New Hampshire  Bethlehem - Pennsylvania  Bethlehem - South Dakota  Beverly  Big Rock  Billerica  Binghamton  Birmingham - Alabama  Bismarck  Black Jack  Blacklick  Blaine  Bloomfield  Bloomingdale  Bloomington - California  Bloomington - Idaho  Bloomington - Illinois  Bloomington - Indiana  Bloomington - Maryland  Bloomington - Minnesota  Bloomington - Minnesota  Bloomington - Nebraska  Bloomington - New York  Bloomington - Texas  Bloomington - Wisconsin  Blue Ash  Boca Raton  Bohemia  Boise  Bolingbrook  Bolton  Bonita Springs  Booth  Bosler  Boston - Georgia  Boston - Indiana  Boston - Kentucky  Boston - Massachusetts  Boston - New York  Boston - Virginia  Bothell  Bottineau  Boulder - Colorado  Boulder - Montana  Boulder - Utah  Boulder - Wyoming  Boulevard  Bowling Green  Boxborough  Boynton Beach  Braintree  Brant Rock  Brea  Breckenridge  Bremen  Bremerton  Brenham  Brentwood  Briarwood  Bridgeport  Bridgewater  Brighton  Brisbane - California  Bristol - Connecticut  Brockton - Massachusetts  Brockton - Montana  Broken Arrow  Bronxville  Brookfield  Brooklyn - New York  Brooklyn - Ohio  Brooklyn Center  Brooklyn Park  Broomfield  Brownstown  Buena Park  Buffalo - Illinois  Buffalo - Indiana  Buffalo - Iowa  Buffalo - Kansas  Buffalo - Kentucky  Buffalo - Minnesota  Buffalo - Missouri  Buffalo - Montana  Buffalo - New York  Buffalo - North Dakota  Buffalo - Ohio  Buffalo - Oklahoma  Buffalo - South Carolina  Buffalo - South Dakota  Buffalo - Texas  Buffalo - West Virginia  Buffalo - Wyoming  Buffalo Grove  Buford  Burbank  Burien  Burlington - Colorado  Burlington - Connecticut  Burlington - Illinois  Burlington - Indiana  Burlington - Iowa  Burlington - Kansas  Burlington - Kentucky  Burlington - Maine  Burlington - Massachusetts  Burlington - Michigan  Burlington - New Jersey  Burlington - North Carolina  Burlington - North Dakota  Burlington - Oklahoma  Burlington - Texas  Burlington - Vermont  Burlington - Washington  Burlington - West Virginia  Burlington - Wisconsin  Burlington - Wyoming  Burnsville  Buskirk  Calabasas  Caledonia  California  California - Kentucky  California - Maryland  California - Missouri  California - Missouri  Calvert  Camarillo  Camas  Cambridge  Camden  Canehill  Canonsburg  Canton - Georgia  Canton - Massachusetts  Canton - Michigan  Carle Place  Carlisle - Massachusetts  Carlisle - Pennsylvania  Carlsbad  Carmel - California  Carmel - Indiana  Carmel - Maine  Carmel - New York  Carmichael  Carrington  Carrollton - Georgia  Carrollton - Texas  Carteret  Carver  Cary - Illinois  Cary - Mississippi  Cary - North Carolina  Castroville  Cavalier  Cedar City  Cedar Grove  Cedar Rapids - Iowa  Cedar Rapids - Nebraska  Centennial  Center City  Center Valley  Centerton  Central Islip  Cerritos  Chalan Pago  Chambersburg  Champaign  Chandler - Arizona  Chandler - Indiana  Chandler - Minnesota  Chandler - Oklahoma  Chandler - Texas  Chanhassen  Chantilly  Chapel Hill  Charleston  Charlestown  Charlotte - Arkansas  Charlotte - Iowa  Charlotte - Michigan  Charlotte - North Carolina  Charlotte - Tennessee  Charlotte - Texas  Charlotte - Vermont  Charlottesville  Chattanooga  Chelmsford  Cheshire  Chesterfield - Missouri  Chesterfield - Virginia  Chevy Chase  Chicago  Chino  Christiansted  Chula Vista  Cincinnati - Iowa  Cincinnati - Ohio  Citrus Heights  Clark  Clarksville  Clearwater - Florida  Clearwater - Kansas  Clearwater - Minnesota  Clearwater - Nebraska  Clearwater - South Carolina  Cleveland  Cleveland - Alabama  Cleveland - Arkansas  Cleveland - Georgia  Cleveland - Minnesota  Cleveland - Mississippi  Cleveland - New Mexico  Cleveland - New York  Cleveland - North Carolina  Cleveland - North Dakota  Cleveland - Ohio  Cleveland - Oklahoma  Cleveland - South Carolina  Cleveland - Tennessee  Cleveland - Texas  Cleveland - Utah  Cleveland - Virginia  Cleveland - West Virginia  Cleveland - Wisconsin  Clifton  Clinton Township  Clyde  Coalinga  Cocoa  Collegeville  Colleyville  Collierville  Colmar  Colorado  Colorado Springs  Columbia - Maryland  Columbia Heights  Columbus - Arkansas  Columbus - Georgia  Columbus - Illinois  Columbus - Indiana  Columbus - Kansas  Columbus - Kentucky  Columbus - Michigan  Columbus - Mississippi  Columbus - Montana  Columbus - Nebraska  Columbus - New Jersey  Columbus - New Mexico  Columbus - North Carolina  Columbus - North Dakota  Columbus - Ohio  Columbus - Texas  Columbus - Wisconsin  Commack  Concord  Conshohocken  Conway  Conyers  Cooperstown  Coppell  Coral Gables  Coral Springs  Coralville  Cordova - Alabama  Cordova - Alaska  Cordova - Illinois  Cordova - Maryland  Cordova - Nebraska  Cordova - New Mexico  Cordova - North Carolina  Cordova - South Carolina  Cordova - Tennessee  Corning  Corona  Corvallis - Montana  Corvallis - Oregon  Costa Mesa  Cottage Grove  Cottleville  Covington - Georgia  Covington - Louisiana  Cranbury  Crystal Lake  Culver City  Cumberland  Cumming  Cupertino  Cypress - California  Cypress - Texas  Dacula  Dallas  Dallas - Georgia  Dallas - Iowa  Dallas - North Carolina  Dallas - Oregon  Dallas - South Dakota  Dallas - Texas  Dallas - West Virginia  Dallas - Wisconsin  Danbury - Connecticut  Danbury - Iowa  Danbury - Nebraska  Danbury - New Hampshire  Danbury - North Carolina  Danbury - Texas  Danbury - Wisconsin  Danvers  Dardenne  Davenport  Davidson  Davie  Davison  Dayton - Nevada  Dayton - New Jersey  Dayton City  Daytona Beach  De Pere  Dearborn  Decatur - Georgia  Decatur - Illinois  Dededo  Deer Park  Deerfield - Illinois  Deerfield - Kansas  Deerfield - Massachusetts  Deerfield - Michigan  Deerfield - Missouri  Deerfield - New Hampshire  Deerfield - Ohio  Deerfield - Virginia  Deerfield - Wisconsin  Del Rey Oaks  Delaware  Delray Beach  Denison  Denton  Denver  Denver - Colorado  Denver - Indiana  Denver - Iowa  Denver - Kentucky  Denver - Missouri  Denver - New York  Denver - North Carolina  Denver - Tennessee  Denville  Des Moines  Des Moines - Iowa  Des Moines - New Mexico  Des Plaines  Destin  Detroit - Alabama  Detroit - Illinois  Detroit - Maine  Detroit - Michigan  Detroit - Oregon  Detroit - Texas  Devils Lake  Dickinson  Donelson  Douglasville  Dover - Delaware  Downers Grove  Dublin - California  Dublin - Georgia  Dublin - Indiana  Dublin - Mississippi  Dublin - New Hampshire  Dublin - North Carolina  Dublin - Ohio  Dublin - Texas  Dublin - Virginia  Dubuque  Duluth  Duncan  Dunedin  Dunkirk  Dunwoody  Durham - California  Durham - Connecticut  Durham - Kansas  Durham - Maine  Durham - Missouri  Durham - New Hampshire  Durham - New York  Durham - North Carolina  Durham - Oklahoma  Eagan - Minnesota  Eagan - Tennessee  East Aurora  East Brunswick  East Hanover  East Hartford  East Meadow  East Northport  East Norwalk  East Peoria  East Syracuse  Eastpointe  Eatontown  Eden Prairie  Edgewater  Edina - Minnesota  Edina - Missouri  Edison  Edwardsville  El Paso - Arkansas  El Paso - Illinois  El Paso - Texas  El Segundo  Elizabeth  Elk Grove Village  Elkhart  Ellendale  Ellenwood  Elmwood Park  Elyria  Emeryville  Empire State  Encino  Endicott  Englewood - Colorado  Englewood - Florida  Englewood - Kansas  Englewood - New Jersey  Englewood - Ohio  Englewood - Tennessee  Englewood Cliffs  Enumclaw  Erie  Erlanger  Escanaba  Escondido  Eugene - Missouri  Eugene - Oregon  Euless  Evansville - Arkansas  Evansville - Illinois  Evansville - Indiana  Evansville - Minnesota  Evansville - Wisconsin  Evansville - Wyoming  Everett - Massachusetts  Everett - Washington  Evergreen  Fair Oaks  Fairbanks  Fairfax  Falls Church  Falmouth  Fargo - Georgia  Fargo - North Dakota  Fargo - Oklahoma  Fargo - Washington  Farmers Branch  Farmington - Arkansas  Farmington - Connecticut  Farmington - Delaware  Farmington - Georgia  Farmington - Illinois  Farmington - Iowa  Farmington - Kentucky  Farmington - Maine  Farmington - Michigan  Farmington - Minnesota  Farmington - Missouri  Farmington - New Hampshire  Farmington - New Mexico  Farmington - New York  Farmington - Utah  Farmington - Washington  Farmington - West Virginia  Farmington Hills  Federal Way  Federal Way  Fertility  Findlay  Fishers  Fishkill  Flanders  Flemington  Flint - Michigan  Flint - Texas  Floral Park  Florence  Florham Park  Flower Mound  Folsom - California  Folsom - Louisiana  Folsom - New Mexico  Folsom - West Virginia  Foothill Ranch  Ford  Fords  Forest  Forest Park  Fort Collins  Fort Lauderdale  Fort Mill  Fort Myers  Fort Wayne  Fort Worth  Foster City  Fountain Hills  Fountain Valley  Fox Lake  Foxboro  Framingham  Franklin - Alabama  Franklin - Arkansas  Franklin - Georgia  Franklin - Idaho  Franklin - Illinois  Franklin - Indiana  Franklin - Kansas  Franklin - Kentucky  Franklin - Louisiana  Franklin - Maine  Franklin - Massachusetts  Franklin - Michigan  Franklin - Minnesota  Franklin - Missouri  Franklin - Nebraska  Franklin - New Hampshire  Franklin - New Jersey  Franklin - New York  Franklin - North Carolina  Franklin - Ohio  Franklin - Tennessee  Franklin - Texas  Franklin - Vermont  Franklin - Virginia  Franklin - West Virginia  Franklin - Wisconsin  Franklin Lakes  Franklin Park - Illinois  Franklin Park - New Jersey  Frederick  Fredericktown  Frederiksted  Freehold - New Jersey  Freehold - New York  Fremont - California  Fremont - Michigan  Fridley  Friendswood  Frisco  Fullerton  Gainesville - Georgia  Gainesville - Texas  Gaithersburg  Garden City - Alabama  Garden City - Iowa  Garden City - Kansas  Garden City - Louisiana  Garden City - Michigan  Garden City - Minnesota  Garden City - Missouri  Garden City - New York  Garden City - South Dakota  Garden City - Texas  Garden City - Utah  Gardner  Garland  Garyville  Gastonia  Georgia  Germantown - Illinois  Germantown - Kentucky  Germantown - Maryland  Germantown - New York  Germantown - Wisconsin  Gig Harbor  Gilroy  Glen Allen - Alabama  Glen Allen - Virginia  Glen Ellyn  Glen Mills  Glenarden  Glencoe  Glendale  Gloucester - Massachusetts  Glyndon  Gonzales  Goodyear  Grafton - Massachusetts  Grafton - North Dakota  Grand Blanc  Grand Forks  Grand Island  Grand Prairie  Grand Rapids - Michigan  Grand Rapids - Minnesota  Grapevine  Gravette  Grayslake  Green Bay  Green Village  Greencastle  Greensboro - Alabama  Greensboro - Florida  Greensboro - Georgia  Greensboro - Indiana  Greensboro - Maryland  Greensboro - North Carolina  Greensboro - Vermont  Greenville - Alabama  Greenville - Florida  Greenville - Georgia  Greenville - Illinois  Greenville - Indiana  Greenville - Iowa  Greenville - Kentucky  Greenville - Maine  Greenville - Michigan  Greenville - Mississippi  Greenville - Missouri  Greenville - New Hampshire  Greenville - New York  Greenville - North Carolina  Greenville - Rhode Island  Greenville - South Carolina  Greenville - Texas  Greenville - Utah  Greenville - Virginia  Greenville - West Virginia  Greenville - Wisconsin  Greenwich  Greer  Grosse Pointe  Groton  Gurnee  Hackensack  Hagerstown  Half Moon Bay  Hamden  Hammond  Hampton  Hanover  Hanover - Massachusetts  Hanover - Minnesota  Hardy  Harmon  Harrisburg  Harrison  Harrisonville  Hartford - Alabama  Hartford - Arkansas  Hartford - California  Hartford - Connecticut  Hartford - Illinois  Hartford - Iowa  Hartford - Kansas  Hartford - Kentucky  Hartford - Michigan  Hartford - New York  Hartford - South Dakota  Hartford - Tennessee  Hartford - Vermont  Hartford - West Virginia  Hartford - Wisconsin  Hartselle  Harvey  Hauppauge  Hawarden  Hazelwood - Missouri  Hazelwood - North Carolina  Hebron  Helena  Henderson  Hendersonville  Hermitage  Herndon - Kansas  Herndon - Kentucky  Herndon - Virginia  Herndon - West Virginia  Hettinger  Hialeah  Hickory  Hickory Grove  Hicksville  Highland - Indiana  Highland - Michigan  Highland Heights  Highland Park  Highland Village  Hightstown  Hillsboro - Alabama  Hillsboro - Georgia  Hillsboro - Illinois  Hillsboro - Indiana  Hillsboro - Iowa  Hillsboro - Kansas  Hillsboro - Kentucky  Hillsboro - Maryland  Hillsboro - Mississippi  Hillsboro - Missouri  Hillsboro - New Hampshire  Hillsboro - New Mexico  Hillsboro - North Dakota  Hillsboro - Oregon  Hillsboro - Tennessee  Hillsboro - Texas  Hillsboro - West Virginia  Hillsboro - Wisconsin  Hillside  Hilmar  Hingham  Hinsdale  Hiram  Hobe Sound  Hoboken - Georgia  Hoboken - New Jersey  Hoffman Estates  Holland - Indiana  Holland - Iowa  Holland - Kentucky  Holland - Massachusetts  Holland - Michigan  Holland - Minnesota  Holland - Missouri  Holland - New York  Holland - Texas  Holly  Holly Springs  Hollywood  Holmdel  Honea Path  Honeoye Falls  Hoover  Hopkins  Hopkinton - Iowa  Hopkinton - Massachusetts  Hopkinton - Rhode Island  Horsham  Houston  Houston - Alabama  Houston - Alaska  Houston - Arkansas  Houston - Delaware  Houston - Minnesota  Houston - Mississippi  Houston - Missouri  Houston - Texas  Houston - Texas  Hudson  Hughesville - Maryland  Hughesville - Missouri  Huntsville - Alabama  Huntsville - Arkansas  Huntsville - Illinois  Huntsville - Kentucky  Huntsville - Missouri  Huntsville - Tennessee  Huntsville - Texas  Huntsville - Utah  Hyattsville  Inarajan  Incline Village  Indianapolis  Indianola  Iowa City  Irvine - California  Irvine - Kentucky  Irving - Illinois  Irving - New York  Irving - Texas  Iselin  Islandia  Issaquah  Itasca  Jackson  Jacksonville - Alabama  Jacksonville - Arkansas  Jacksonville - Florida  Jacksonville - Georgia  Jacksonville - Illinois  Jacksonville - Missouri  Jacksonville - New York  Jacksonville - North Carolina  Jacksonville - Oregon  Jacksonville - Texas  Jacksonville - Vermont  Jacksonville Beach  Jamestown - North Dakota  Jamestown - Rhode Island  Jefferson City  Jenkinsburg  Jersey City - New Jersey  Jersey City - New York  Johns Creek  Jonesboro  Juno Beach  Jupiter  Kalamazoo  Kansas City - Kansas  Kansas City - Missouri  Katy  Kearney  Keene - California  Keene - Kentucky  Keene - New Hampshire  Keene - New York  Keene - North Dakota  Keene - Texas  Keene - Virginia  Keller  Kendall Park  Kennesaw  Kenosha  Kent  Kenton  Kentucky  Killen  King  King Of Prussia  Kings Mountain  Kingshill  Kinston  Kirkland - Arizona  Kirkland - Illinois  Kirkland - Texas  Kirkland - Washington  Knightdale  La Palma  La Porte  La Vergne  Lafayette  Lagrange  Laguna Hills  Laguna Niguel  Lake Forest - California  Lake Forest - Illinois  Lake Hiawatha  Lake Orion  Lake Saint Louis  Lakeland  Lakewood  Lakewood Village  Lakota  Lamoure  Lancaster - California  Lancaster - Illinois  Lancaster - Kansas  Lancaster - Kentucky  Lancaster - Massachusetts  Lancaster - Minnesota  Lancaster - Missouri  Lancaster - New Hampshire  Lancaster - New York  Lancaster - Pennsylvania  Lancaster - South Carolina  Lancaster - Tennessee  Lancaster - Texas  Lancaster - Virginia  Lancaster - Wisconsin  Land O Lakes  Langdon  Lansdale  Laramie  Larchmont  Las Vegas - Nevada  Las Vegas - New Mexico  Latham  Laurel  Lavon  Lawrence  Lawrenceburg  Lawrenceville  League City  Leawood  Lebanon  Lehigh Valley  Lemon Grove  Lenexa  Leonia  Lewis Center  Lewisville  Lexington - Alabama  Lexington - Georgia  Lexington - Illinois  Lexington - Indiana  Lexington - Kentucky  Lexington - Massachusetts  Lexington - Michigan  Lexington - Mississippi  Lexington - Missouri  Lexington - Nebraska  Lexington - New York  Lexington - North Carolina  Lexington - Oklahoma  Lexington - Oregon  Lexington - South Carolina  Lexington - Tennessee  Lexington - Texas  Lexington - Virginia  Libertyville - Illinois  Libertyville - Iowa  Lilburn  Lincoln - Nebraska  Lincoln - Rhode Island  Lincolnshire  Lincroft  Linden - Alabama  Linden - Indiana  Linden - Iowa  Linden - Michigan  Linden - New Jersey  Linden - North Carolina  Linden - Tennessee  Linden - Texas  Linden - Virginia  Linden - West Virginia  Linden - Wisconsin  Lineville  Linton  Lisbon - North Dakota  Lisle  Lithonia  Little Canada  Little Falls  Little Rock - Arkansas  Little Rock - Iowa  Little Rock - Mississippi  Little Rock - South Carolina  Littlestown  Littleton  Liverpool - New York  Livingston  Lodi  Lombard  London - Kentucky  Lone Tree  Long Beach  Long Grove  Long Island City  Long View  Longmont  Longview - Illinois  Longview - Texas  Longview - Washington  Longwood  Los Altos Hills  Los Angeles  Los Banos  Los Gatos  Louisville - Alabama  Louisville - Alabama  Louisville - Colorado  Louisville - Georgia  Louisville - Illinois  Louisville - Kansas  Louisville - Kentucky  Louisville - Mississippi  Louisville - Nebraska  Louisville - Tennessee  Lowell - Arkansas  Lowell - Florida  Lowell - Indiana  Lowell - Massachusetts  Lowell - Michigan  Lowell - North Carolina  Lowell - Oregon  Lowell - Vermont  Lowell - Wisconsin  Lynchburg  Lyndhurst - New Jersey  Lyndhurst - Virginia  Lynnwood  Mableton  Madison - Alabama  Madison - Arkansas  Madison - Connecticut  Madison - Florida  Madison - Georgia  Madison - Illinois  Madison - Indiana  Madison - Kansas  Madison - Maine  Madison - Maryland  Madison - Minnesota  Madison - Mississippi  Madison - Missouri  Madison - Nebraska  Madison - New Hampshire  Madison - New Jersey  Madison - New York  Madison - North Carolina  Madison - South Dakota  Madison - Tennessee  Madison - Virginia  Madison - West Virginia  Madison - Wisconsin  Mahwah  Malden  Malvern  Mancelona  Manchester - Connecticut  Manchester - Massachusetts  Mandan  Mangilao  Manhattan  Manhattan Beach  Mansfield - Arkansas  Mansfield - Georgia  Mansfield - Illinois  Mansfield - Louisiana  Mansfield - Massachusetts  Mansfield - Missouri  Mansfield - Ohio  Mansfield - South Dakota  Mansfield - Tennessee  Mansfield - Texas  Mansfield - Washington  Maple Grove  Mapleton - Illinois  Mapleton - Iowa  Mapleton - Kansas  Mapleton - Maine  Mapleton - Minnesota  Mapleton - North Dakota  Mapleton - Oregon  Mapleton - Utah  Marietta  Marinette  Marlborough - Connecticut  Marlborough - Massachusetts  Marlborough - New Hampshire  Marshall  Marshall Town  Martin  Maryland Heights  Marysville - California  Marysville - Indiana  Marysville - Kansas  Marysville - Michigan  Marysville - Montana  Marysville - Ohio  Marysville - Washington  Mason - Illinois  Mason - Kentucky  Mason - Michigan  Mason - Ohio  Mason - Tennessee  Mason - Texas  Mason - West Virginia  Mason - Wisconsin  Matthews  Maumee  Mayfield  Mayfield Height  Mc Cordsville  Mc Kinney  Mc Lean - Illinois  Mc Lean - New York  Mc Lean - Virginia  Mcpherson  Meadows Place  Melville - Louisiana  Melville - Montana  Melville - New York  Memphis - Indiana  Memphis - Michigan  Memphis - Missouri  Memphis - Nebraska  Memphis - New York  Memphis - Tennessee  Memphis - Texas  Mendham  Menomonee Falls  Mercer Island  Meriden  Meridian  Merizo  Mesa  Mesquite  Miami - Arizona  Miami - Florida  Miami - Indiana  Miami - Missouri  Miami - New Mexico  Miami - Oklahoma  Miami - Texas  Miami - West Virginia  Middleton  Middletown - California  Middletown - Connecticut  Middletown - Delaware  Middletown - Illinois  Middletown - Indiana  Middletown - Iowa  Middletown - Maryland  Middletown - Missouri  Middletown - New Jersey  Middletown - New York  Middletown - New York  Middletown - Rhode Island  Middletown - Virginia  Midland - Georgia  Midland - Indiana  Midland - Maryland  Midland - Michigan  Midland - North Carolina  Midland - Texas  Midland - Virginia  Midlothian  Milford - Connecticut  Milford - Michigan  Milford Center  Millbrae  Milpitas  Milton  Milwaukee - North Carolina  Milwaukee - Wisconsin  Mineral - California  Mineral - Illinois  Mineral - Texas  Mineral - Virginia  Mineral - Washington  Minneapolis - Kansas  Minneapolis - Minnesota  Minneapolis - North Carolina  Minnetonka  Minot  Miramar  Missouri City  Mobile  Mohall  Monee  Mongmong  Monmouth  Monmouth Junction  Monroe  Monroeville  Monrovia - California  Monrovia - Indiana  Monrovia - Maryland  Monterey  Monterey Park  Montvale  Montville  Moon Township  Moorestown  Mooresville  Morgan Hill  Morgantown  Morganville  Morris Plains  Morristown - Arizona  Morristown - Indiana  Morristown - Minnesota  Morristown - New Jersey  Morristown - New York  Morristown - South Dakota  Morristown - Tennessee  Morrisville - Missouri  Morrisville - New York  Morrisville - North Carolina  Morrisville - Vermont  Morton  Mossville  Mound  Mounds View  Mount Ida  Mount Laurel  Mount Sterling  Mount Vernon  Mountain View - Arkansas  Mountain View - California  Mountain View - Hawaii  Mountain View - Missouri  Mountain View - Oklahoma  Mountain View - Wyoming  Mountlake Terrace  Mukilteo  Mundelein  Murfreesboro  Murray Hill  Murrysville  Muscatine  Muscoda  Nanuet  Napa  Naperville  Nashua - Iowa  Nashua - Minnesota  Nashua - Montana  Nashua - New Hampshire  Nashville - Arkansas  Nashville - Georgia  Nashville - Illinois  Nashville - Indiana  Nashville - Kansas  Nashville - Michigan  Nashville - North Carolina  Nashville - Tennessee  Natick  Nebraska City  Needham - Alabama  Needham - Indiana  Needham - Massachusetts  Needham Heights  Netcong  New Albany  New Berlin  New Bern  New Britain  New Brunswick  New Castle  New Century  New Fairfield  New Haven  New Jersey  New Jersey  New Milford  New Munster  New Orleans  New Orleans  New Port Richey  New Providence  New York  New York City - New Jersey  New York City - New York  Newark - Arkansas  Newark - Delaware  Newark - Illinois  Newark - Maryland  Newark - Missouri  Newark - New Jersey  Newark - New York  Newark - Texas  Newbury Park  Newnan  Newport - Arkansas  Newport - Indiana  Newport - Kentucky  Newport - Maine  Newport - Michigan  Newport - Minnesota  Newport - Nebraska  Newport - New Hampshire  Newport - New Jersey  Newport - New York  Newport - North Carolina  Newport - Oregon  Newport - Rhode Island  Newport - Tennessee  Newport - Vermont  Newport - Virginia  Newport - Washington  Newport Beach  Newton  Nicholasville  Niwot  Nolensville  Norcross  Norman  Norristown  North Andover  North Arlington  North Brunswick  North Canton - Connecticut  North Canton - Ohio  North Dakota  North Las Vegas  North Palm Beach  North Providence  North Quincy  North Richland Hills  Northborough  Northbrook  Northridge  Northvale  Norwalk  Norwich - Connecticut  Norwood - Colorado  Norwood - Georgia  Norwood - Louisiana  Norwood - Massachusetts  Norwood - Minnesota  Norwood - Missouri  Norwood - New Jersey  Norwood - New York  Norwood - North Carolina  Norwood - Virginia  Novi  O Fallon  O Fallon  O Fallon - Illinois  O Fallon - Missouri  Oak Brook  Oak Creek  Oak Park  Oak Ridge  Oakbrook Terrace  Oakes  Oakland - Arkansas  Oakland - California  Oakland - Florida  Oakland - Illinois  Oakland - Iowa  Oakland - Kentucky  Oakland - Maine  Oakland - Maryland  Oakland - Michigan  Oakland - Minnesota  Oakland - Mississippi  Oakland - Nebraska  Oakland - New Jersey  Oakland - Oregon  Oakland - Rhode Island  Oakland - Tennessee  Oakland - Texas  Ocala  Oceanside  Odessa  Okay  Okemos  Oklahoma City  Old Bridge  Old Greenwich  Old Westbury  Olympia  Omaha  Omaha - Georgia  Omaha - Illinois  Omaha - Nebraska  Omaha - Texas  Orange - California  Orange - Connecticut  Orange - New Jersey  Orchard Park  Orem  Oriskany  Orland Park  Orlando - Florida  Orlando - Kentucky  Orlando - Oklahoma  Orlando - West Virginia  Oshkosh  Ossining  Overland Park  Oxnard  Pacific  Pago Pago  Painted Post  Palatine  Palm Beach Gard  Palm Harbor  Palmyra - Illinois  Palmyra - Indiana  Palmyra - Maine  Palmyra - Michigan  Palmyra - Missouri  Palmyra - Nebraska  Palmyra - New Jersey  Palmyra - New York  Palmyra - North Carolina  Palmyra - Tennessee  Palmyra - Virginia  Palmyra - Wisconsin  Palo Alto  Park Rapids  Park Ridge  Parker  Parkland  Parlin  Parma  Parsippany  Pasadena  Paterson  Patoka  Pawtucket  Peabody  Peachtree City  Pearl River - Louisiana  Pearl River - New York  Pearland  Pelham  Pembroke Pines  Pendleton  Penfield  Peoria  Peshtigo  Petaluma  Pewaukee  Pflugerville  Philadelphia  Philadelphia - Mississippi  Philadelphia - New York  Philadelphia - Pennsylvania  Philadelphia - Tennessee  Phoenix - Arizona  Phoenix - Maryland  Phoenix - New York  Phoenix - Oregon  Pine Brook  Piscataway  Piti  Pittsboro  Pittsburgh  Pittsfield  Pittsford  Plain  Plainfield  Plainsboro  Plano - Illinois  Plano - Iowa  Plano - Texas  Plantation  Playa Vista  Pleasanton - California  Pleasanton - Texas  Pleasantville  Plymouth - Michigan  Plymouth - Minnesota  Pontiac - Illinois  Pontiac - Michigan  Pontiac - Missouri  PORTAGE  Portland - Arkansas  Portland - Connecticut  Portland - Indiana  Portland - Maine  Portland - Michigan  Portland - Missouri  Portland - New York  Portland - North Dakota  Portland - Oregon  Portland - Oregon  Portland - Tennessee  Portland - Texas  POUGHKEEPSIE  Poughkeepsie  Poway  Prairie View  Princeton - Alabama  Princeton - Idaho  Princeton - Illinois  Princeton - Indiana  Princeton - Iowa  Princeton - Kansas  Princeton - Kentucky  Princeton - Louisiana  Princeton - Maine  Princeton - Massachusetts  Princeton - Minnesota  Princeton - Missouri  Princeton - New Jersey  Princeton - North Carolina  Princeton - Oregon  Princeton - Texas  Princeton - West Virginia  Princeton - Wisconsin  Princeton Junction  Prineville  Prior Lake  Prospect Heights  Purchase  Quincy - California  Quincy - Illinois  Quincy - Indiana  Quincy - Kentucky  Quincy - Massachusetts  Quincy - Michigan  Quincy - Missouri  Quincy - Washington  Racine - Minnesota  Racine - Missouri  Racine - West Virginia  Racine - Wisconsin  Radnor  Raleigh - Illinois  Raleigh - Mississippi  Raleigh - North Carolina  Raleigh - North Dakota  Raleigh - West Virginia  Ramsey - Illinois  Ramsey - Indiana  Ramsey - New Jersey  Ramsey - West Virginia  Rancho Cordova  Rancho Santa Fe  Randolph - Alabama  Randolph - Iowa  Randolph - Kansas  Randolph - Maine  Randolph - Massachusetts  Randolph - Minnesota  Randolph - Mississippi  Randolph - Nebraska  Randolph - New Jersey  Randolph - New York  Randolph - Texas  Randolph - Utah  Randolph - Vermont  Randolph - Virginia  Randolph - Wisconsin  Raritan  Rathdrum  Raymond  Reading - Pennsylvania  Readington  Redendo Beach  Redford  Redlands  Redmond - Oregon  Redmond - Utah  Redmond - Washington  Redwood City  Refer To Job Description  Refer to Job Description  Renton  Reston  Rex  Rhode Island  Richardson  Richardson Dall  Richfield - Idaho  Richfield - Kansas  Richfield - Minnesota  Richfield - Nebraska  Richfield - North Carolina  Richfield - Ohio  Richfield - Utah  Richfield - Wisconsin  Richmond  Richmond - California  Richmond - Illinois  Richmond - Indiana  Richmond - Kansas  Richmond - Kentucky  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Maine  Richmond - Massachusetts  Richmond - Michigan  Richmond - Minnesota  Richmond - Missouri  Richmond - Texas  Richmond - Utah  Richmond - Vermont  Richmond - Virginia  Richmond Dale  Ridgewood  Ringwood  Riverdale  Roanoke - Alabama  Roanoke - Illinois  Roanoke - Indiana  Roanoke - Louisiana  Roanoke - Texas  Roanoke - Virginia  Roanoke - West Virginia  Rochester - Illinois  Rochester - Indiana  Rochester - Kentucky  Rochester - Massachusetts  Rochester - Michigan  Rochester - Minnesota  Rochester - New Hampshire  Rochester - New York  Rochester - Texas  Rochester - Vermont  Rochester - Washington  Rochester - Wisconsin  Rockaway  Rocklin  Rockport  Rockville - Indiana  Rockville - Maryland  Rockville - Minnesota  Rockville - Missouri  Rockville - Nebraska  Rockville - Rhode Island  Rockville - Utah  Rockville - Virginia  Rockwall  Rocky Hill  Rocky Mount  Rogers  Rohnert Park  Rolling Meadows  Romeoville  Roseburg  Rosemount  Roseville  Roswell  Rota  Round Lake  Round Rock  Rowlett  Rtp Resrch Tri  Rutherford  Sacramento - California  Sacramento - Kentucky  Sacramento - New Mexico  Saddle Brook  Saddle River  Saint Charles - Illinois  Saint Charles - Missouri  Saint Clair Shores  Saint John  Saint Joseph  Saint Louis - Michigan  Saint Louis - Missouri  Saint Louis - Oklahoma  Saint Paul - Arkansas  Saint Paul - Indiana  Saint Paul - Iowa  Saint Paul - Kansas  Saint Paul - Kentucky  Saint Paul - Minnesota  Saint Paul - Nebraska  Saint Paul - Oregon  Saint Paul - Virginia  Saint Paul Park  Saint Peters  Saint Petersburg  Saint Thomas  Saipan  Salt Lake City  San Antonio - Florida  San Antonio - New Mexico  San Antonio - Puerto Rico  San Antonio - Texas  San Bruno  San Carlos  San Diego - California  San Diego - Texas  San Dimas  San Francisco  San Jose - California  San Jose - Illinois  San Jose - New Mexico  San Juan Capistrano  San Leandro  San Marcos  San Mateo  San Rafael - California  San Rafael - New Mexico  San Ramon  Sandston  Sandy  Santa Clara - California  Santa Clara - New Mexico  Santa Clara - Utah  Santa Cruz  Santa Monica  Santa Rita  Sarasota  Sayreville  Schaumburg  Schenectady  Scottdale  Scotts Valley  Scottsdale  Seabrook  Seattle  Secaucus  Sedalia  Seguin  Severn  Shakopee  Sharon  Sharpsburg  Shawnee Mission  Shelton  Shelton - Connecticut  Shelton - Washington  Shoreview  Short Hills  Shrewsbury  Sidney - Arkansas  Sidney - Illinois  Sidney - Indiana  Sidney - Iowa  Sidney - Kentucky  Sidney - Michigan  Sidney - Montana  Sidney - Nebraska  Sidney - New York  Sidney - Ohio  Sidney - Texas  Silver Lake  Silver Spring  Silverdale  Simi Valley  Simpsonville  Simsbury  Sinajana  Sioux Falls  Skillman  Skokie  Slingerlands  Smithfield  Smyrna - Georgia  Smyrna - Tennessee  Snellville  Social Circle  Solon  Somerset - California  Somerset - Colorado  Somerset - Indiana  Somerset - Kentucky  Somerset - Massachusetts  Somerset - Michigan  Somerset - New Jersey  Somerset - Texas  Somerset - Virginia  Somerset - Wisconsin  Somerville - Massachusetts  Somerville - New Jersey  South San Francisco  Southborough  Southfield  Southington  Spotsylvania  Spring  Spring Field - Ohio  Spring Field - Pennsylvania  Spring Field - Vermont  Spring Hill  Springfield - Arkansas  Springfield - Colorado  Springfield - Georgia  Springfield - Idaho  Springfield - Illinois  Springfield - Kentucky  Springfield - Louisiana  Springfield - Maine  Springfield - Massachusetts  Springfield - Missouri  Springfield - Nebraska  Springfield - New Hampshire  Springfield - New Jersey  Springfield - Oregon  Springfield - South Carolina  Springfield - South Dakota  Springfield - Tennessee  Springfield - Vermont  Springfield - Virginia  Springfield - West Virginia  Springfield - Wisconsin  St Charles  St Louis  St.Louis Park  Stafford - Connecticut  Stafford - Kansas  Stafford - New York  Stafford - Texas  Stafford - Virginia  Staffordville  Stamford - Connecticut  Stamford - Nebraska  Stamford - New York  Stamford - Texas  Stanford - California  Stanford - Illinois  Stanford - Indiana  Stanford - Kentucky  Stanford - Montana  Stanley  Statesville  Steele  Sterling Heights  Stockbridge  Stone Mountain  Strafford  Stratham  Streamwood  Sturtevant  Sudbury  Sugar Hill  Sugar Land  Summit - Arkansas  Summit - Kentucky  Summit - Mississippi  Summit - New Jersey  Summit - New York  Summit - South Dakota  Summit - Utah  Sunnyvale  Superior  Surprise  Suwanee  Syr  Syracuse - Indiana  Syracuse - Kansas  Syracuse - Missouri  Syracuse - Nebraska  Syracuse - New York  Syracuse - Utah  Tacoma  Tallahassee  Talofofo  Tampa - Florida  Tampa - Kansas  Tamuning  Tarpon Springs  Tarrytown  Tecumseh  Temecula  Tempe  Temple Bar Marina  Teterboro  Tewksbury  Texas  Texas City  The Woodlands  Thornville  Thousand Oaks  Tinian  Tinley Park  Titusville - Florida  Titusville - New Jersey  Titusville - Pennsylvania  Toledo  Tomball  Torrance  Trevose  Troy - Alabama  Troy - Idaho  Troy - Illinois  Troy - Indiana  Troy - Kansas  Troy - Maine  Troy - Michigan  Troy - Missouri  Troy - Montana  Troy - New Hampshire  Troy - New York  Troy - North Carolina  Troy - South Carolina  Troy - Tennessee  Troy - Texas  Troy - Vermont  Troy - Virginia  Troy - West Virginia  Tucker  Tucson  Tulsa  Tustin  Twin Lakes  Twinsburg  Umatac  Union  Union City - California  Union City - New Jersey  Upton  Vacaville  Valdez  Valencia - California  Valhalla  Vallejo  Valparaiso  Valrico  Vanburean Township  Vancouver  Vernon Hills  Verona  Victor  Vienna - Virginia  Vincennes  Vista  Vista??????????  Wahpeton  Wallington  Walnut Creek  Waltham  Warren - Arkansas  Warren - Idaho  Warren - Illinois  Warren - Indiana  Warren - Maine  Warren - Massachusetts  Warren - Michigan  Warren - New Hampshire  Warren - New Jersey  Warren - Oregon  Warren - Pennsylvania  Warren - Rhode Island  Warren - Texas  Warren - Vermont  Warrendale  Warrensville Heights  Warrenville - Illinois  Warrenville - South Carolina  Warwick  Washburn  Washington - Arkansas  Washington - District Of Columbia  Washington - Georgia  Washington - Illinois  Washington - Indiana  Washington - Iowa  Washington - Kansas  Washington - Kentucky  Washington - Louisiana  Washington - Maine  Washington - Michigan  Washington - Mississippi  Washington - Missouri  Washington - Nebraska  Washington - New Hampshire  Washington - New Jersey  Washington - North Carolina  Washington - Oklahoma  Washington - Texas  Washington - Utah  Washington - Vermont  Washington - Virginia  Washington - West Virginia  Washington D C  Waterbury  Waterford  Watford City  Waukegan  Waukesha  Wauwatosa  Wayne  Wayne  Waynesboro  Wayzata  Weatogue  Webster - Florida  Webster - Indiana  Webster - Iowa  Webster - Kentucky  Webster - Massachusetts  Webster - New York  Webster - North Carolina  Webster - North Dakota  Webster - South Dakota  Webster - Texas  Webster - Wisconsin  Weehauken  Wellesley  Wentzville  West Bloomfield  West Chester  West Des Moines  West Henrietta  West Jordan  West Norriton  West Orange  West Palm Beach  West Paterson  Westborough  Westbury  Westerville  Westfield  Westford  Westlake  Westlake Village  Westland  Westminster - California  Westminster - Colorado  Westmont  Weston - Florida  Weston - Massachusetts  Westport - California  Westport - Connecticut  Westport - Indiana  Westport - Kentucky  Westport - Massachusetts  Westport - New York  Westport - South Dakota  Westport - Tennessee  Westport - Washington  Westville  Westwood - California  Westwood - Massachusetts  Westwood - New Jersey  Weymouth  Wheaton  Wheeling  Whippany  White Bear Lake  White Lake  White Plains  Whiting  Wichita  Wilkes Barre  Williamsburg  Williston  Willoughby  Willoughby Hill  Wilmington - California  Wilmington - Delaware  Wilmington - Illinois  Wilmington - Massachusetts  Wilmington - New York  Wilmington - North Carolina  Wilmington - Ohio  Wilmington - Vermont  Wilsonville - Alabama  Wilsonville - Illinois  Wilsonville - Nebraska  Wilsonville - Oregon  Wilton - Alabama  Wilton - Arkansas  Wilton - Connecticut  Wilton - Iowa  Wilton - Maine  Wilton - New Hampshire  Wilton - North Dakota  Wilton - Wisconsin  Winchester  Windham  Windsor - California  Windsor - Colorado  Windsor - Connecticut  Windsor - Illinois  Windsor - Kentucky  Windsor - Maine  Windsor - Massachusetts  Windsor - Missouri  Windsor - New Jersey  Windsor - New York  Windsor - North Carolina  Windsor - South Carolina  Windsor - Vermont  Windsor - Virginia  Windsor - Wisconsin  Windsor Locks  Winston Salem  Winthrop  Woburn  Woden  Wood Dale  Wood Ridge  Woodland Hills  Woodstock  Woonsocket  Worcester  Yigo  Yona  Yonkers  Yorba Linda  Yukon  Zionsville         Zip Code        Race/Ethnicity Please indicate your ethnicity or race by selecting one option below. If you are Hispanic, please select the Hispanic category. If you are not Hispanic, please select one of the other categories.       Hispanic or Latino: A person of Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Central or South American or other Spanish culture or origin, regardless of ethnicity        White (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, or North Africa        Black or African American ( Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the black ethnic groups of Africa        Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the people of Hawaii, Guam, Samoa, or other Pacific Islands        Asian (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the people of the Far East, Southeast Asia, the Indian Subcontinent, including, for example, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippine Islands, Thailand and Vietnam        American Indian or Alaska Native (Not Hispanic or Latino): A person having origins in any of the original peoples of North and South America (including Central America), and who maintain tribal affiliation or community attachment        Two or More Races (Not Hispanic or Latino): All person who identify with more than one of the above five races        Do not want to disclose my Race/Ethnicity    Discharge Date         Veteran Status  What is your veteran status?       Special Disabled Veteran: Means (A) a veteran who is entitled to compensation (or who, but for receipt of military retired pay, would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Department of Veteran Affairs for a disability rated at 10 or 20 percent in case of a veteran who has been determined to have a serious employment disability or (B) a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service connected disability        Vietnam-Era Veteran: A Vietnam-Era veteran is a person who (1) served on active duty for a period of more than 180 days, any part of which occurred between August 5, 1964 and May 7, 1975, and was discharged or released with other than a dishonorable discharge; (2) was discharged or released from active duty for a service connected disability if any part of such active duty was performed between August 5, 1964 and May 7, 1975; or (3) served on active duty for more than 180 days and served in the Republic of Vietnam between February 29, 1961 and May 7,1975        Other Protected Veteran: A Veteran in one of the following groups: (A) veterans who served in a "war"; (B) veterans whose service in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized or an expeditionary medal has been awarded. This includes a number of military engagements.        Recently Separated Veteran: Any veteran who began employment at Wipro within one year of being discharged or released from active duty in the U.S. military ground, naval or air service        Do not want disclose my veteran status   What is your gender?       Female        Male        I prefer not to answer   What is your disability ? View Details       Yes, I have a disability(or previously had a disability)          Decline to designate        Scribe to write          No, I do not have a disability        I do not wish to answer      Disability Details Because we do business with the government,we must reach out to, hire and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. To help measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have disability or if you ever had a disability. Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. Because a person may become disabled at anytime, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. Disabilities include, but not limited to:  Blindness Autism Bipolar Disorder Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) Deafness Cerebral palsy Major Depression Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Cancer HIV/AIDS Multiple sclerosis  (MS) Impairments requiring the wheelchair Diabetes Schizophrenia Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Intellectual Disability (previously  called mental retardation) Epilepsy Muscular Dystrophy       Gender     Select Gender  Male  Female    This field is purely optional and has no connection with the current employment opportunity being applied for. The data is being collected with the sole purpose of maintaining records on applicant gender statistics. By agreeing to provide the information requested herein, you are consenting to such disclosure voluntarily. The gender data will be processed solely for the purpose mentioned above and may be shared with any third party or transferred outside the country for such purposes.      Date of Birth    *       SUBMIT  Please wait as your resume is getting submitted...  Reset          Project Lead - DevOps Apps BUSINESS APPLICATIONS SERVICES San Francisco Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 541989 Apply Now  Share This Job      Related Jobs Solution Architect - .Net Chennai Experience : 8-10 YEARS Job Code : 517663 View Now  Related Jobs Tech Lead .NET Chennai Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 512107 View Now  Related Jobs Tech Lead .NET Chennai Experience : 3-5 YEARS Job Code : 512106 View Now   Mandatory Skills: DevOps - Continuous Delivery Desirable Skills: Project Management Job Description: Key skills required for the job are: DevOps - Continuous Delivery (Mandatory) Project Management As a Lead, you are responsible for managing a small team of analysts, developers, testers or engineers and drive delivery of a small module within a project (Delivery/Maintenence/Testing) You may serve as entry level specialist with expertise in particular technology/industry domain/a process / application / product. You are responsible for functional/technical track of a project. Minimum work experience:Years Roles & Responsibilities: Minimum Experience Required:  Mandatory Skills: DevOps - Continuous Delivery Desirable Skills: Project Management Language Skills: English Language                    Get in touch Wipro has offices all over the world, located strategically to help us serve our clients and deliver the best expertise effectively and efficiently.    List by Region     Africa  Asia Pacific  Europe  India  Middle East  North America  South America        List by Location     East  North  South  West            India   Corporate Office  Wipro Limited Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bangalore – 560035 Phone: +91 80 28440011 Fax: +91 80 28440256  Other offices  Wipro Limited SEZ Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road Bangalore - 560035 Phone: +91 80 30292929 Fax: +91 80 30298200  Wipro Limited No 72, Keonics Electronic City, Hosur Road, Bangalore - 560100 Phone: +91 80 39155000, 30292929 Fax : +91 80 41381760  Wipro Limited SEZ Unit I & II Divyasree Technopark, EPIP Zone, Kundalahalli, Doddanakundi Post Whitefield, Bangalore – 560037  Wipro Limited TP -3, Central Avenue, Mahindra World City, SEZ, Chengalpet – 603002 Phone : +91 44 47440000 Fax: +91 44 39523952  Wipro Limited RR 2 building, # 94/95, TVK Industrial Estate, Guindy Chennai - 600032 Phone: +91 44 30698450  Wipro Limited # Ascendas International tech park 8th floor crust, Taramani, CSIR road, Chennai – 600113 Phone: +91 44 42944200 Fax: +91 44 45556400  Wipro Limited ELCOT SEZ Survey #602/03. Shollinganallur, Chennai – 600119 Phone: +91 44 39290000 Fax: +91 44 39292222  Wipro Limited 105 & 111, Anna Salai, Guindy, Chennai – 600032 Phone : +91 44 30697000 Fax: +91 44 30697100  Wipro Limited # 475 A, Old Mahabalipuram Road Shollinganallur, Chennai – 600119 Phone: +91 44 24500200 Fax: +91 44 24500240/24500250  Wipro Limited Info Park Special Economic Zone Kusumagiri – PO, Kakkanad Cochin – 682030 Phone: +91 484 3054949 Fax: +91 484 3054224  Wipro Limited S.F.No.426/1,426/2& 427/1, Elcot Special Economic Zone Vilankurichi Village, Coimbatore North Taluk, Coimbatore-641004  Wipro Limited Survey No.124, & Part of 132/P SEZ Gopanapally Hyderabad - 501301 Phone: +91 40 30797979, 30970189 Fax: +91 40 30970700  Wipro Limited 203/1, Manikonda Village, Gatchibowli SEZ Hyderabad - 500032 Phone: +91 40 30797979 Fax: +91 40 30797070  Wipro Limited #146/147, Metagalli industrial area, Metagalli, Mysore - 570016 Phone: +91 821 3983082  Wipro Limited Regional Stores 4th Floor, Shyam Towers Opp. Paradise Bakery S.D. Road Secunderabad-500003 Phone:+91 40-40024536  Wipro Limited InfoTech - G-Block, 6th Floor, Surya Towers R.O. South 3, 105, S.P. Road Secunderabad – 500003 Phone: +91 40 30794871 Fax: +91 40 30794876  Wipro Limited Regional Stores Door # 59A-16-13/11A 2nd Floor, Durga Bhavani Complex RTC Colony, Pantakaluva Road, Patamata, Vijayawada-520010 Phone: +91 866-2481665, +91 866-2496093  Wipro Limited Door No.50-75-23/10 STPI Old T.B.Hospital, Rama Talkies Road, Resapuvanipalem Visakhapatnam - 530013 Phone: +91 891 3043333 Fax: +91 891 3043002              Subscribe to our newsletter  Subscribe  We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Wipro does not charge any fee at any stage of the recruitment process and has not authorised agencies/partners to collect any fee for recruitment.  If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please do let us know by contacting us on helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com            Careers      Who we are   About Wipro  Benefits of Joining  Leadership Careers  Sales Careers  Technology Careers  Consulting Careers  Corporate Functions Careers  Business Process Services Careers  Digital Careers  Campus     Meet our people      OUR CULTURE   Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability     campus   Engineering  MBA s  Science Graduates  Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global     Work with us   Job Search  Apply Now  Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India     Staffing Partners   Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process     HELP CENTRE   Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  FAQs         wipro.com  FAQ s  CONTACT US  Sitemap     follow              © Wipro Limited 2017  Wipro.com | FAQ s | Sitemap | Contact Us | Privacy policy | Terms of use      By using careers.wipro.com you agree that we can place cookies on your device. See our privacy policy for details.      Who we are  About Wipro Benefits of Joining Leadership Careers Sales Careers Technology Careers Consulting Careers Corporate Functions Careers Business Process Services Careers Digital Careers  Campus     Meet our people  Our Culture   Spirit of Wipro  Work Environment  Business Ethics  Equal Opportunities for All  Working towards Sustainability   Campus  Engineering MBA s Science Graduates Internship Opportunities  Global 100  Cohorts 2017  Campus Global    Work with us   Job Search  Apply Now  Africa  Americas  ANZ  Asean  Continental Europe  LATAM  India    Global  Africa Americas ANZ Asean Continental Europe LATAM India   Staffing partners  Permanent Staffing  Contractual Staffing  Staffing Partner Process   Help Center  Hiring Process  Student Resources  Enhance your Resume  Interview Tips  FAQs    CONTACT US     Scroll                           Lead Software Engineer - Full Stack San Francisco, CA 210 - Software Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Plethora is building the future of manufacturing - a new kind of automated factory that turns digital designs into physical products in days, not months with our internally developed software and fully-integrated factory system. We are a uniquely ambitious company funded by some of the biggest names, such as Founders Fund, Lux Capital, Google, and Autodesk. Our organization is already impacting the short-run manufacturing space, with a category-leading NPS, in the $21B addressable market that is ripe for disruption. We are looking for a full stack developer with a focus on front end technologies to help us build inspiring on-brand interfaces. You’ll work with a cross-functional team of Computational Geometry engineers and Software Developers who have advanced degrees in Physics, Mathematics, and Computer Science. You’ll play a critical role in helping Plethora be mindful of user experience and on-brand design as we develop the maturity of our internal and external facing software systems. The front end focused full stack developer will support Plethora in developing the intuitive and approachable interfaces that will empower our users to build anything they can imagine. Role Deliverables Manage 3-6 direct reports Design and implement software architecture for critical new projects Lead daily standup / weekly meetings Product leadership/planning consult with PM on project feasibility/difficulty help guide project towards most efficient path, considering implementation clarify project inter-dependencies to aid in sequencing, use knowledge of context of system to help clarify project designs Coordinate with other engineering teams/work with other team leads About You Minimum 6 years experience on a team working with a modern web stack (Node.js, Django, Rails, React, Vue, Ember, etc.) building high-performance web applications Experience as a technical team lead and manager of direct reports You’re opinionated, open, and objective. You have your preferences when it comes to technology, but you’re happy to use the tools and frameworks that get the job done efficiently, easily, and with scale in mind. Functional proficiency with modern Javascript, especially promisesFluency with the building blocks of the web - HTTP, headers, cookies, caching, etc. Well-versed in creating database schemas and data models. Experience with message queues or background workers. Experience with designing a standalone API with many diverse consumers. Have worked with / designed single page frontend apps, including familiarity with build tools such as webpack Comfortable with unix/linux tools and standard devops processes; not afraid to write a well organized shell script Extra Kudos For An interest in robotics and microcontrollers. A desire to make things in your spare time; electronics, hardware, art, bikes, cars --anything! Knowledge of how to use CAD or other 3D modeling programs. Familiarity with Windows native application development and/or C# Apply for this job Plethora Home Page Jobs powered by         Skip Navigation     Careers  Open Menu    GoDaddy Life  Our Teams  Benefits  University Students    Blog  GoDaddy Home     Facebook  Twitter  Glassdoor  YouTube  Instagram  LinkedIn      0   Saved Jobs   There are no jobs saved           Search Jobs    Keyword     Category  Category  Business Development  Corporate Operations  Customer Consultation & Care  Data, Network and Security System  Finance & Accounting  Marketing and Product  People Operations  PR/Social/Communications  Project/Program Management  Software Engineering  User Experience  Workforce Management     Country  Country  Canada  China  France  Germany  Philippines  Serbia  United Kingdom  United States     State/Region  State/Region  Alsace  Arizona  Bavaria  California  Central Serbia  Iowa  Massachusetts  Newfoundland and Labrador  North Rhine-Westphalia  Oregon  Shanghai Shi  Washington     City  City  Belgrade  Cambridge  Carlsbad  Cedar Rapids  Cologne  Encinitas  Gilbert  Hiawatha  Hürth  Ismaning  Kirkland  Los Angeles  Mesa  Phoenix  Remote  San Francisco  Scottsdale  Shanghai  Strasbourg  Sunnyvale  Tempe     Go     Or  Search Jobs Based on your Linkedin Profile        Share:   Email  Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn          Senior Software Engineer - Web and Mobile  Cambridge, Massachusetts; Kirkland, Washington; San Francisco, California; Sunnyvale, California    Apply      Overview  Success Profile  Job Description  Benefits  Trending  Map     Overview  GoDaddy engineers are shifting the global economy to support small businesses worldwide to create beautiful online experiences for their customers that help them grow and manage their business. We work fearlessly to build innovative solutions, platforms and business applications tailored to the unique needs of the small business owner. Using a collaborative, agile, small team approach we make cutting edge technologies simple and effective. Our team of technologists do the heavy lifting, so our customers can focus on making their dreams come true.     Full-time     Level: Mid     Travel: Yes          Success Profile  What makes a successful Senior Software Engineer - Web and Mobile employee at GoDaddy? Check out the traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix.    Problem-solver  Focused  Organized  Self-starter  Stratetgic  Visual    0  10    Adaptable  Detail-Oriented  Communicator  Multi-Tasker  Creative  Perceptive  Tech Savvy  Quick-Thinking      Job Description  GoDaddy is looking for a full-stack front-end engineer to join our next generation experience web team in Kirkland. The team is building our next generation experiences for our small business customers to help them start, grow and run their venture. If you have the passion, enthusiasm and ability to create compelling web and mobile interactions for customers on their way to making their small businesses great, we would like to talk to you! GoDaddy’s (NYSE: GDDY) mission is to radically shift the global economy toward life-fulfilling independent ventures. With over 15 million customers worldwide and more than 61 million domain names under management, GoDaddy gives small business owners the tools to name their idea, build an appealing online presence, attract customers and operate their business. We are looking for a full-stack engineer with a back-end focus to be a part of our team working on the next generation of user experiences for our customers. We are a dynamic and growing company that loves what we do and are looking for passionate people to share our vision. We leverage experimentation to make data-driven decisions about how to best help our customers. By combining personalization, machine learning, and cutting edge software systems we are building services that will solve the problems and needs for people starting and running their small business. The development stack spans API services (Python and Node.js) & devops (Kubernetes and Docker) along with current front-end and back-end technologies including React, React Native, ES2015+, scikit-learn, and cloud computing platforms like AWS and GCP. We manage a growing base of contributors from other teams at GoDaddy on our JavaScript platform resources. As true participants in Open Source we also contribute code and our learnings (good and bad) back to the Open Source community (Check our GitHub page: http://github.com/godaddy ). You will have the opportunity to help make more of our work Open Source and work with the community to help foster its success. The ideal candidate will be passionate about doing the right thing for the customer and want to learn and grow with new technologies and opportunities. If you want to work with smart people doing work that will be used by millions of people every day, we would like to talk to you! Responsibilities: Write great code and create unit and integration tests that prove it. Participate in ensuring a high quality and performant system that engages and delights customers. Participate in planning, architectural discussion, implementation, and maintenance of a client and server side platform enabling personalized interactions with customers. Perform code reviews and participate in defining and supporting coding best practices. Participate in devops, release and on-call activities in support of the platform. Write, edit and improve technical documentation. Engage with engineers & stakeholders across GoDaddy to solve problems with broad impact (from group-wide to company-wide impact). Support, mentor and help develop other engineers in the team. Contribute to Open Source projects related to the tech stack and domain of our products. Requirements: You have a strong understanding of the fundamentals of core back-end technologies: Node.js or Python; REST APIs; and distributed architectures. You have a strong understanding of git and git-based workflows. You have experience using technologies and languages such as Node.js, npm, yarn, ES2015+, Python, or pip. You have experience working with highly agile development teams. You have experience creating RESTful APIs to power web applications. Experience with other technologies such as GraphQL or WebSockets a plus. You have experience with devops and understand systems like docker, AWS, GCP, OpenStack, Artifactory or Kubernetes. You have experience contributing to Open Source projects. Managing Open Source projects is a plus. You are familiar with front-end technologies such as React, Vue.js, Ember, Next.js, Angular, Backbone, or jQuery. #LI-SH1 About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 71 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com . GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements. If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com  Apply    Benefits     Healthcare  GoDaddy helps keep employees fit and healthy with generous health benefits. From the best medical, vision, dental, and disability to on-site health and wellness assessments and employee assistance plans.     Tuition Reimbursement  GoDaddy is a strong believer in the value of higher education. The Education Reimbursement Program encourages our employees to pursue further education and advancement at the company.     Professional Development  GoDaddy offers programs to help advance the careers of our employees. Programs include instruction led by our trainers, as well as opportunities for Tuition Reimbursement.     PTO  GoDaddy encourages employees to take time away from work to Live Passionately. GoDaddy goes above and beyond to provide opportunities to enjoy time away from work and we provide generous time away to rest & recharge.     Work/Life Balance  We know that maintaining a work/life balance is the key to success. At GoDaddy, we provide many perks and amenities to help facilitate this balance.     Retirement Plans  GoDaddy looks closely at the retirement provisions and provides a competitive 401k employer match program. Our retirement plans are designed to fund a comfortable retirement for our employees.        The amazing thing about GoDaddy wasn't that we were able to define a company standard and have that standard meet or exceed our goals in defining it. The amazing thing was how open the teams were to joining forces to investigate, decide, evangelize and engage on a change like this.   Chris Evans,  VP of Engineering     I haven't met a developer yet who doesn't want to change the world for the better with their work.   Blake Irving,  Chief Executive Officer     The product team combines data and customer insight to deliver impactful experiences around the world.  Working here is an opportunity to make a difference globally by helping individuals make a living and bring their ideas from inception to reality.   Steven Aldrich,  Chief Product Officer       >  <      The Innovative Soul of an Engineer, by Sam Ng - Senior Director of Engineering at GoDaddy  Read More      Hiring for Culture, by Chris Evans - Vice President Of Engineering at GoDaddy  Read More      Mastering the Feedback Loop, by Steven Aldrich - Chief Product Officer at GoDaddy  Read More                  Work at GoDaddy:  View available locations for this position     Explore Our City:  Work at GoDaddy:              Learn more about the Kirkland, WA office  Kirkland Office Spotlight    Learn More        Learn more about the Cambridge, MA office  Cambridge Office Spotlight    Learn More        Silence = Death: 
Living my life out loud  Employee Spotlight - Zak    Learn More           Our diverse employee population reflects the customers we serve. We support and celebrate everyone on our team through our Employee Resource Groups , open and inclusive to all.  Learn More          Legal  Privacy Policy  Advertising Preferences  Cookies   Copyright © 1999 - 2017 GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC. All Rights Reserved.                      Apply Now  Senior Site Reliability Engineer  at Sift Science  (View all jobs)  San Francisco & Seattle    About the team  Evil exists and fortunately we're here to stop it! Fraud and abuse plague online businesses of all types, from marketplaces to payment processors, social networks to e-commerce stores. As the internet's trust layer, Sift Science's mission is simple yet powerful: make these online experiences faster, smoother, and safer – using the smartest technology around.  As an Engineer at Sift Science you will be responsible for a plethora of tasks and systems that span our entire product and internal infrastructure. Every day, thousands of websites and apps rely on our cloud-based machine learning to eliminate fraud, slash costs, and grow revenue. As part of the team you will build new products, add and improve features, scale and maintain the systems that keep our customers happy, and build internal tools and systems to help streamline and optimize internal initiatives.  Who are you?  You have a strong understanding of large scale computing solutions. You are a strong engineer who thinks of infrastructure as code. You love the idea of building immutable infrastructure and multi-AZ/multi-region fault tolerant systems that are anti-fragile. While you understand the need for monitoring and alerting, you dream of building self-healing systems. You believe in collaboration, acting as a force multiplier, and making the right tradeoffs. And you have been looking for an opportunity to join a well-funded startup where you can use your powers for good (in Sift Science’s case, to help eliminate fraud on the internet).  What would make you a good fit?   5+ years of experience as a DevOps / Site Reliability Engineer  Experience building & managing AWS with EC2, ELB, Route53, S3, etc  Strong working experience automation technologies  Strong experience with monitoring and alerting systems, both open source and commercial  Strong collaboration skills – experience working with product management, security, and data science teams   Bonus Points   Experience running & managing large NoSQL clusters such as HBase or Cassandra  Experience with caching systems such as Memcached and Varnish  Familiar with YARN / MESOS  Familiar with Docker and container clustering technologies like Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, and/or AWS ECS            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Github Profile       Website/Portfolio       LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job?       Are you authorized to work in the US? *     Please select I am authorized to work for any employer in the US  I need an employer's sponsorship to obtain work authorization in the US      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Sift Science are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Saved Jobs My Submissions Go to the main content section. | My Account Options | Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Advanced Search | All Jobs My Submissions | My Job Cart | My Saved Searches | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page    ( Job Number:  ) Description  Qualifications  Primary Location : Job : Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile    Why Macy's Edit Application Saved Jobs Confidentiality/Affiliate Sharing Were You Referred? FAQ macys.com macysinc.com macyscollege.com Military Legal Notice Privacy Policy New Hire Information Macy’s, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. Applicants with disabilities who need assistance or reasonable accommodation during the application process can learn more here . Macy’s, Inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC Art. 49 and LA MC ch.XVII Art. 9 . Learn more about your rights under the Philadelphia Fair Chance Law . Copyright Macy’s, Inc.                   × close                     Jobs   Jobs   Jobs                 « Back to all jobs                  © 2017 Practice Fusion, Inc.  | Site Map | Terms | Privacy Policy | EHR Certification                                                   1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                     Sorry, this job is not currently posted. Unable to Access Page. The value of a parameter contains a character that is not allowed or the value is not defined.              Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                                     Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Sr. DevOps Engineer    Incedo ,   South San Francisco, CA               Posted 12 hours ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Sr. DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: Puppet,Jenkins,Foreman,Jira,ELK    South San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Puppet, Jenkins, Foreman, Jira, ELK, Slurm, Ansible, CI/CD, Stash/Git,          Full Time, Contract W2, Long Term            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   The DevOps Engineer will assist in establishment and rollout of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery automation framework across multiple tools. They must demonstrate a solid understanding of DevOps and possess automation skills. The candidate should possess a software development background preferably including the development of shared/common components and integrations. Extensive experience with Puppet, and Automation in General, He/She should be willing to work in high pace environment, adaptable to the changes as they come from the business. Required: Puppet Jenkins Foreman Jira ELK Slurm Ansible Responsibilities: Develop new automation framework to utilize and refine existing build and deploy processes. Assist development teams across the firm implement their CI/CD pipelines. Cooperate with Enterprise and Architects on DevOps tool chain decisions. Assume ownership of automation processes; problem resolution and root cause analysis. Must work great in a team and also as an individual contributor. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science (or closely related field) with at least 5+ years of relevant IT experience. Experience providing Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery solutions using tools such as Stash/Git, Jenkins or Open Source Jenkins. Must have strong analytical and problem solving skills Ansible Must have proven ability to follow priorities and timelines Knowledge of good coding practices and improving code quality Proven ability to work independently or as an integral member of a team Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills Proven ability to multi-task. Independent, self-starter. Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written correspondence) in a professional and courteous manner with technical and non-technical personnel.       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Waseem Khan                 Incedo,     Dice Id : 10476889    Position Id : WK_DEV_1101      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Devops - Kubernetes Expert   Embedded Resource Group, Inc  Mountain View, CA     Devops Engineer   Talbridge Corporation  Mountain View, CA     Sr. Devops Engineer : 17-03893   Akraya, Inc.  Mountain View, CA     View more jobs like this    Sr. DevOps Engineer   I.T. Solutions, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Cloud Operations DevOps (4 Openings)   APN Software Services, Inc  Redwood City, CA     Devops Engineer   Caresoft  Mountain View, CA     DevOps Engineer   SoftServe Inc.  San Jose, CA     DevOps Engineer   Mainz Brady Group  Oakland, CA     DevOps Engineer   Agility Software Solutions  San Francisco, CA     REMOTE - DevOps Engineer   Endure Technology Solutions, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   The Armada Group  San Francisco, CA     Cloud Engineer   ICONMA  San Francisco, CA     Devops Engineer   Compunnel Software Group Inc.  San Mateo, CA     Devops Engineer in Mountain View, CA   OSI Engineering, Inc.  Mountain View, CA     DevOps Engineer   DRISHTICON  Sunnyvale, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Sr. DevOps Engineer  Incedo | South San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Sr. DevOps Engineer  Incedo | South San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Sr. DevOps Engineer with Incedo through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Sr. DevOps Engineer  Incedo         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                   Toggle navigation        Get Demo         Platform  Platform   Overview  Payroll  HR  Benefits  Compliance  Time  Mobile  App Connect    Overview  Payroll  HR  Benefits  Compliance  Time  Mobile  App Connect    Customers  Partners   Services                  Pricing   Resources  Resources   Resource Center  Blog  Events  Webinars  Support    Resource Center  Blog  Events  Webinars  Support    Support  888. 249. 3263  Sign in  Get Demo  Sign in          ×   Thanks, we’ll be in touch soon.  Can’t wait? Take our demo for a test drive.  Try Now  Buy Now          ×    See how it works          Please enter first and last name      Please enter a valid email address      Please enter company name      #Employees  0-10 Employees  11-50 Employees  51-150 Employees  151-300 Employees  301+   Please select a value      Please enter a valid zip code.      Please enter a valid phone number       Do you currently have payroll?    Yes  No           Select a Provider  ADP  Gusto  Intuit  OnPay  Paychex  Paylocity         Do you currently offer benefits to your employees?    Yes  No           Are you looking to offer benefits to your current employees in the next three months?    Yes  No                    Thank you!  One of our representatives will be in touch with you shortly.   Sign up for Weekly newsletter packed with news, tips and more!       Please enter a valid Email Address                 Thank you!     Already using Zenefits?  Let us know what you are looking for.   Login  Request Product Demo     Did your employer ask you to create an account?  You should have received an email from us with a registration link. Click below and we'll send a new registration link.   Request a new registration link     Looking for support? Click here                 Zennation  Lead iOS Engineer    Lead iOS Engineer San Francisco, CA   Here's the gist:  Lead iOS Engineer  San Francisco, CA  Zenefits is the leading all-in-one HCM (human capital management) solution for small and medium businesses. Designed as an interconnected ecosystem of apps, Zenefits delivers the most complete HR experience by combining its own powerful apps with dozens of best-of-breed providers on the Zenefits platform. Built on a modern technology stack, Zenefits’ platform provides a comprehensive Employee Record tightly integrated with Zenefits’ apps like on-boarding, payroll, compliance and benefits administration and partner apps like email, expense management, 401(k) and employee engagement. The result is a powerful HCM solution that helps mid-market businesses manage their people, stay compliant and save thousands of hours in lost time.  Zenefits is creating an amazing mobile experience where our users can quickly and easily complete their day-to-day benefits and HR related tasks like requesting time off, clocking in and out, viewing pay stubs, and accessing health insurance information. Over a third of Zenefits’ traffic is from our native apps and mobile web, and our mobile applications will soon become the way most of our users interact with Zenefits.  Responsibilities:  A little more about you:  Nice-to-haves:  Responsibilities:   Ability to own what you are building and see it through from end to end  Help lay the groundwork to enable us to efficiently build out our iOS applications  Lead and mentor other engineers on the team to establish best practices and processes  Define APIs used between backend services and mobile applications  Collaborate with product, design, and other engineers on the team to establish the product roadmap and mobile releases   A little more about you:   Minimum of 4 plus years of production experience with the iOS SDK  Strong Objective C skills  A track record of building and releasing high quality features for iOS applications  Experience writing unit tests and UI tests for iOS applications  Eye for good design and user experience   Nice-to-haves:   Experience building and maintaining backend services  Have worked on side projects or open source projects  Experience with Swift  Experience with devops, continuous integration      Apply for this job        First Name*   Please provide a valid first name.    Last Name*   Please provide a valid last name.      Email Address*   This field is required.    Phone Number*   Please provide a valid phone number.      Cover Letter   This field is required.    Resume*   This field is required.       LinkedIn Profile     Website     How did you hear about this job?      Apply                                            Take Zenefits for a spin.      Please enter your full name     Please enter a valid email address     # Employees  0-10 Employees  11-50 Employees  51-150 Employees  150-300 Employees  301+ Employees   Please select a value          Thank you for your request!                  Platform  Zenefits Platform  Payroll  HR  Benefits  Compliance  Time  Mobile  App Connect      Learn  Resources  Support  Blog  Events  Webinars      Support  Services   Partners  Pricing      Company  About Us  Press  Security  Careers      Contact  See Demo  Login  Sales
                  888-249-3263        Platform    Zenefits Platform  Payroll  HR  Benefits  Compliance  Time  Mobile  App Connect     Learn    Resources  Support  Blog  Events  Webinars     Support    Services  Broker  HR Specialists  Partners  Pricing     Company    About Us  Press  Security  Careers     Contact    See Demo  Login  Sales
                  888-249-3263  Support                 © 2017, YourPeople, Inc., d/b/a Zenefits. All rights reserved. The Zenefits platform and HR services provided
          by ManageYourPeople LLC, d/b/a Zenefits HR Services. Payroll services provided by PayYourPeople LLC, d/b/a
          Zenefits Payroll Services. Insurance services provided by InsureYourPeople LLC, d/b/a Zenefits Insurance
          Services.
          For additional insurance license and legal information, please visit licenses .     Privacy | Terms                                 Senior Infrastructure Engineer, Site Reliability San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job The Site Reliability Engineering team is charged with ensuring and improving the availability of the site through improving tools, processes, and communication. SREs are exposed to the whole technology stack, from code down to the infrastructure so that they can drive improvements in how the stack is designed, deployed, and operated. We want to make it possible for product teams to launch in production with certainty through guidance on how to leverage the power of our Platform to achieve a high level of quality and reliability. What the Job Entails Developing automation and tools, to reduce toil and improve repeatability of processes. Define reliability metrics, and work to ensure services meet them. Develop runbooks and processes to reduce MTTR in incidents. Collaborate with core infrastructure and service engineers to improve service reliability, scalability, and tooling. Troubleshoot issues across the entire stack, software, hardware, cloud, and networking. Participate in 24x7 on-call rotation. Our Ideal Candidate 4+ years of professional experience in server-side website development or 6+ years in a DevOps role A strong foundation in OOP, design patterns, algorithms, and programming languages grounds your tools development. You have a deep understanding of at least two of the following: linux internals, networking, MySQL, Docker, Kubernetes, or cloud infrastructure. You’ve built tooling to improve reliability of systems, automated remediation of issues, or improve scalability. You have 4 or more years experience working in production environments at scale, and want to improve our availability and performance. Writing a script should come as second nature to you, and you should have experience with Python, Bash, Ruby, or Perl. Systems often need to be reconfigured, so you should have experience with a configuration management system like Puppet, Chef or Salt. (We use Salt.) You should be able to clearly communicate technical details when speaking or writing. This position is part of a well established team, and you should be excited about working closely with them, and product development teams. Working in the cloud is a little different, so it would be great if you have some experience with AWS or GCP. Our environment often has new challenges and technologies, so we want a candidate who is excited to learn. Apply for this job Credit Karma Home Page Jobs powered by       About Us     Careers                   Sr. DevOps Engineer  In San Francisco  Apartment List is hiring a Senior DevOps Engineer to help us solve one of the biggest problems that exists today. We spend 2/3 of our time in our homes, and apartment hunting can be a long and weary process. But with Apartment List, it doesn’t have to be! Do you dream of making an impact on people’s lives by bringing amazing products to life? Here is your opportunity.   Apply to this job        Sr. DevOps Engineer  In San Francisco    Apply to this job       WHO YOU ARE   You are an experienced software engineer. DevOps is your passion, but breadth of knowledge is your strength. You have solid knowledge of AWS platform, and exposure to other cloud platforms (like GCP, Linode, or DigitalOcean). You are inspired by the efficient development workflows made possible with platforms like Heroku, and would not settle for anything less. You value logs and metrics, and are familiar with tools that let you collect and analyze those (from Statsd and Grafana to NewRelic and Librato to Elastic). You know the value that Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment bring to an organization, and have experience building tools that support it. You understand systems security, access control, and credential management. You strike the right balance between secure and efficient.   WHAT YOU'LL DO   Improve productivity of all Apartment List engineers by giving them a development and deployment experience that is magically friction free and efficient. Automation is the name of the game: you will not do anything manually twice--even if we ask you to. Use the right tool for the job: whether it is Jenkins, Heroku, Docker, Vagrant, Kubernetes, Travis-CI, Heroku, or Elastic Beanstalk--you stay focused on a goal and let the tools support it. Educate the team on best practices of running a scalable micro-services architecture in the Cloud. Write code. Lots of it.       About Us  On the surface, building a great renter experience might not sound hard, but it is. Think about all the things that have to be right: gathering detailed data from millions of apartments of all types; matching those apartments with the millions of renters searching; and communicating with landlords when those renters decide they’ve found their perfect next home.  Getting this right is more important now than ever before. Today there are  100 million renters in the US, more than there have ever been and growing.  Our mission is simple, we want renters to be able to find a great home and we want that process to be simple and delightful. In one word, we want their experience and apartment search to be extraordinary.  The extraordinary experience we are building is loved by renters and landlords. In fact, four million Renters used Apartment List last month, 75% of them on mobile. Each month more and more renters are signing their lease thanks to Apartment List.   We recently just raised $30M in our series B to accelerate our growth - think you’re up to the challenge? Check out the team and  learn more about us . If you’re game,  apply now .  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.            About Us  Careers  Rental Trends  Feedback  Privacy Policy  Terms of Use                                 Reload Page          View Our Website     View All Jobs                 Thanks for visiting our Job Board. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.      DevOps Engineer    San Francisco, CA   Full Time   Geli   Experienced                    Geli (Growing Energy Labs, Inc) is looking for an experienced and enthusiastic DevOps engineer eager to work at the forefront of the rapidly expanding energy storage industry.  Geli provides software and business solutions to design, connect, and operate energy storage and microgrid systems ranging in size from residential to utility-scale, as well as grid-tied, microgrid, and off-grid systems.  We're a growing Series-A funded company with 30+ employees headquartered in San Francisco, California with a growing office in Melbourne, Australia looking for an outstanding DevOps engineer fluent in technology that shares our vision of a world running on 100% renewable energy.  The DevOps Engineer will design and manage our data centers and operate our cloud and on-site Linux systems. They will build tools and systems that make it easy to deploy, monitor, and report on usage and performance of our components, and will troubleshoot and resolve issues in production. The right candidate will be broadly capable of effectively utilizing modern open-source cloud technology, and will have a very strong focus on security and reliability.  Primary Responsibilities   Operate, maintain, and upgrade our production AWS environment  Manage automated monitoring, alert, escalation (currently OpsView & PagerDuty)  Gather metrics and generate reports on performance, uptime, utilization, and cost  Participate in on-call rotation for critical production environment issues  Help with documentation and training for people covering on-call shifts  Evaluate new technologies, services and software upgrades to improve our systems  Balance configuration management vs. service/container management  Ensure systems are secure and access is audited     Minimum Qualifications   Strong background in Linux/UNIX system administration and security  Can write code / scripts (Python, Ruby, Perl)  Knows automated configuration management (Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Salt)  Deep knowledge of IP networks e.g. routing, firewalls, transport & wire protocols     Plus, hands-on experience with at least SOME of the following:   Kubernetes, Docker, CloudFormation  Clustered NoSQL systems (Cassandra/CQL, HBase)  Message bus protocols and servers (AMQP/MQTT/STOMP; Kafka, RabbitMQ, Qpid)  LDAP protocol and implementations (Apache DS, OpenLDAP, 389 DS)  Elastic Stack, Grafana, OpenTSDB, Nginx  Embedded operating systems, IoT, sensor networks, power systems  SQL, HTML/CSS/JavaScript   Benefits of Working at Geli   Exposure to business models and technologies that are transforming worldwide electric markets and grid operations  Aggressive Equity Compensation Plan  401k Matching  Convenient location on Mission St in downtown San Francisco  Open Vacation Policy  Commuter Reimbursement  Health Insurance Coverage    Read More     Apply for Position         Apply for this position  Required *     Apply with LinkedIn         Apply with Indeed           First Name *     Last Name *     Email Address *     Address                  Phone *     Resume *   Attach resume or Paste resume    Attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2MB) or Paste resume         Paste your resume here or Attach resume file           Cover Letter *     In 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. Try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye! *   150     Submit Application                × Close  Forward This Position       Recipient Email Address (one)     Your Name     Your Email Address     Enter a message (optional)  The message cannot contain links      Human Check*                      Powered by                                  Home  Client Services   Overview  FAQs  Testimonials  Request an Engineer    Candidate Services   Overview  Hiring Process  Benefits  FAQs  Testimonials  Refer a Friend    Search Jobs  About   Overview  Team Bios  Affiliations  Community Service  Accolades    News and Connections  Contact   Send Us A Message  Bellevue / Corporate  Portland  Bay Area / Silicon Valley         Client Login  Contractor Login    Like us on Facebook  Follow us on Twitter  Connect with us on LinkedIn  Follow us on Google+  Our Blog RSS Feed                                        Job Boards Template    Search Jobs                 Toggle navigation         New Search  Sign Up  Login                   Protingent  http://cdn.haleymarketing.com/templates/61820/logos/protingent-hml.png  http://www.protingent.com       DevOps Engineer       San Francisco , California   | Contract To Hire     Post Date: 11/02/2017  2017-11-02  Job ID: 17731  Industry: Software        Job Description      Position Title: DevOps Engineer  Position Description: Our client has an exciting contract to hire opportunity for a DevOps Engineer at the Downtown San Francisco, CA office.  Remote work is also an option.  Job Requirements:   Ensure uptime, data-availability, and performance of  infrastructure  Debug the critical problems in the production environment with minimal turnaround time  Be comfortable navigating the full stack for visibility into how the platform works end to end  Automate resource provisioning and configuration using tools such as Terraform and Ansible  Build infrastructure and application level monitoring as well as alerting for the platform  Automate and manage deployment to large-scale clusters using tools such as EMR, Kubernetes, and Beanstalk  Supplement existing open source tooling with custom code when necessary  Evaluate technical choices and provide critical input to the architecture of the  platform   Skills and Experience:   Bachelor' s degree or equivalent in Computer Science or relevant technical field  Prior experience (intern or full-time) in operation role  Knowledge of Linux-based operating  systems  Proficiency in at least one programming language  Knowledge of standard configuration management  Experience with monitoring tools such as DataDog, New Relic, LogicMonitor and AppDynamics   Bonus Points:   Experience with cloud service platforms such as AWS, OpenStack, Azure and Google Cloud  Knowledge of database architecture, high availability, failover and performance tuning  Experience with secured network design and implementation  Experience with CI, big data or container tools such as CircleCI, Jenkins, Hadoop, Kafka, Cassandra, HBase, Kubernetes and Mesos.   About Protingent: Protingent is a niche provider of top Engineering and IT talent to Software, Electronics, Medical Device, Telecom and Aerospace companies nationwide. Protingent exists to make a positive impact and contribution to the lives of others as well as our community by providing relevant, rewarding and exciting work opportunities for our candidates.  Benefits Package: Protingent offers competitive salary, 100% paid health insurance, education/certification reimbursement, pre-tax commuter benefits, Paid Time Off (PTO) and an administered 401k plan.         Meet Your Recruiter       Drew McMillan  In my 3 years of recruiting, I have found that honesty and transparency build lasting business relationships.   I work tirelessly to find exciting projects for talented engineers, and will help you achieve your career goals by listening to you and understanding the market.  Prior to joining Protingent, I served as a teacher in the Peace Corps in Bulgaria.  I love to travel, especially to Europe, and I love my fiancee, my dog and UW Football.         Apply Online       Apply Online    Not ready to apply?  Apply Later    Send an email reminder to:  Email Address            Share This Job:        Related Jobs:   There are currently no related jobs. Please sign up for Job Alerts .  Loading...                                                   Corporate Headquarters 11235 SE 6th Street Suite 220 Bellevue, WA 98004  Directions       Telephone (425) 284-7777 Toll-free (866) 244-4396 Fax (425) 642-8001          Like us on Facebook  Follow us on Twitter  Connect with us on LinkedIn  Follow us on Google+  Our Blog RSS Feed      © 2017 Protingent | Privacy | Site Credits  Website Design by Haley Marketing      IT Recruiters Bellevue  IT Recruiters Portland  IT Recruiters Silicon Valley  IT Recruiters Los Angeles  IT Recruiters San Diego  Software Engineer Recruiters  Software Engineer Jobs  Mechanical Engineering Jobs  Information Technology Jobs                                        Minted Careers        Senior DevOps Engineer  Engineering San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    As the Senior DevOps Engineer at Minted, you will have the opportunity to drive the transformation of our infrastructure and take continuous delivery to the next level. Our team maintains and scales the cloud infrastructure for our rapidly growing e-commerce marketplace. You will be working closely with the architects and principal engineers at Minted to develop and deploy secure, highly available and scalable web services. This is a phenomenal role for someone who believes in building automation, driving simplification and crafting an impressive, five nines culture. As the Senior DevOps Engineer, you will: Automate all the things - Vagrant/Docker for developers, continuous integration, auto-scaling, monitoring and alerting, and probably a whole lot more Make developers happy - by automating everything and providing transparency deeper down the stack in all environments, developers will shower you with love (the part of love shall be played by animated gifs and imaginary chat room points) Improve & refine support systems to help our developers build more robust applications Develop, test, and implement our configuration management system to fully automate our infrastructure Contribute to the design and improvement of our software delivery processes and toolchains Continuously improve system tooling and metrics We are looking for: 5+ years of experience in a Linux or similar operations environment Strong programming and scripting experience in multiple languages such as Python, Ruby, Bash, Shell, Perl, etc. A passion for making everything repeatable and automated Willingness to cross over into the app stack - we don’t believe in silos Experience with configuration management - the particular system is not important, but we use Puppet A love for documentation, and a passion to leaving things better than how you found them Bonus points: Linux systems tuning AWS experience MySQL system and query tuning Vagrant/Hashicorp tools Continuous integration and delivery using Jenkins Modern logging & metrics systems, e.g. Logstash, Graphite Scaling Elasticsearch Docker      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite         Senior Operations Engineer Engineering San Francisco, CA EasyPost is a San Francisco based start-up that provides a RESTful API to revolutionize the shipping process for e-commerce companies. Any online merchant can plug our state of the art technology into their existing framework to provide a world class shipping experience for consumers. EasyPost has raised over $4 million in funding from Y Combinator, SV Angel, and CrunchFund. Today, we help hundreds of leading e-commerce companies ship and track packages, but there are still thousands of companies out there that need our help - that's where you come in! We are looking for a Senior Development Operations Engineer to join the EasyPost team. You will be a key member of the team making important technical decisions that will shape the company's future. If you are someone who seeks out and addresses problems of all types, and is comfortable being involved along the entire spectrum of technology, then we would love to meet you! What You'll Do: Look for improvements in all operations processes Assist engineering with database design and optimization Scale and secure our public-facing and back-end services Recognize areas and processes that would be better served by automation Administer cloud and bare metal Linux servers About You: 5+ years of professional experience in Linux Systems Administration, DevOps, or Website Operations Comfortable programming in multiple languages Willing to write or modify tools when existing offerings do not meet our needs Supported public facing SaaS APIs Can troubleshoot reliability and performance issues at the network, hardware, and software levels Have worked with Redhat/CentOS Used puppet for configuration management Administration experience with MySQL/Percona Willing to be part of a 24/7 on-call rotation Desire to be a heavy contributor on a small, growing, and innovative team What We Offer: Competitive salary and meaningful equity Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits Flexible work schedule and paid time off The opportunity to make massive technical contributions at a fast-growing start-up A great place to work with a collaborative team and culture Check us out on Github:  www.github.com/easypost Check out our API:  https://www.easypost.com/docs/api.html Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . TermsHead of Cloud Engineering San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job We're looking for a Head of Cloud Engineering to lead and grow our team and and inspire them to do great work. You will oversee the development of the provisioning, deployment and automation of our analytics platform and infrastructure. You and your team will be responsible for managing and scaling our infrastructure. You will also work closely with our development team to implement the necessary processes to keep our platform highly available and efficient. Our underlying systems process hundreds of billions of events per month for thousands of enterprise customers. Our team has built sophisticated data ingestion pipelines and our own in-house database engine optimized for analyzing user behavior in real-time. Our product sits on top of many modern technologies, including Python, Java, Kafka, Redis, Amazon S3, DynamoDB, and Elasticsearch. You and your team will touch many technologies including AWS, SaltStack, Docker, Jenkins, Consul, Redis, Kafka, and Postgres. Responsibilities Build and lead a highly productive engineering team Attract high performing engineers Help engineers develop new skills and advance in their careers Encourage a healthy work environment that’s both supportive and challenging Develop internal tooling for automating the deployment of applications Manage the monitoring of our applications Set goals for improving uptime and availability of key systems Research and implement improvements to how we manage our infrastructure Support the rollout of InfoSec and compliance programs. Skills and Experience 4+ years of experience working in a Software Engineering/DevOps/Cloud Engineering role You have a couple of years of engineering management experience Experience with AWS, shell scripting/UNIX, and Python Familiarity with a deployment tool like Chef, Ansible, Saltstack Experience managing and automating large AWS deployments (100+ machines) Previous experience in distributed systems, data processing and analytics is a plus Strong foundation in programming, algorithms, and software application design Passion for solving challenging problems and iterating quicklyAre comfortable moving fast and shipping fast Have a B.S. Computer Science or another technical field. At Amplitude, we’re on a mission to help product teams understand their users’ behavior so that they can build better products. We’ve built a product analytics platform that enables anyone, regardless of analytics experience, to listen to what their users are telling them through user behavior. Founded in 2012, Amplitude is located in San Francisco’s SOMA neighborhood. We recently raised a $30M Series C and are backed by IVP, Battery Ventures, Benchmark Capital, and Y Combinator. You can learn more about our team, culture, and environment at https://amplitude.com/careers . Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Apply for this job Amplitude Home Page Jobs powered byThe Technical Lead / Architect will play a crucial role in the development of our software products. As a Lead Full Stack Engineer, you will be responsible for driving the requirement analysis, system architecture, design and implementation of eCommerce systems, applications, and frameworks, developing the software components as per design, integrate Front-end components with Back-end services, unit testing of individual components, and utilizing superior communications skills to work seamlessly across cross-functional teams. As a Technical lead / Architect, essential job functions will include the following: Collaborate with PM, mobile/Web & Service developers, designers, and conversion marketing to quickly ship new featured front-end and back-end experiments Implement the design by developing software components using TypeScript, Angular 4, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, React, API development, Amazon Web Services, and JQuery Write modular, secure, and well-tested back-end and front-end code Designing and developing RESTful web services Build and conduct unit tests and system tests Provide code review corrections and feedback in a professional and skill building way Make updates to the SQL Server database schema according to the design Keep up to date in advancements in technologies and frameworks Monitor and maintain continuous integration system after the development of new components Resolve technical issues through debugging, research, and investigation Create and enhance technical documentation around systems and processes Required education: Bachelor’s or Master's in Computer Science Java, Javascript, Microservices, Fullstack, Full stack, React, Angular, API, E-Commerce, AWS, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, DevOps, Frontend, Backend, Architect, Technical Lead Job Type: Full-time Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: iOS or Android: 2 years Javascript: 5 years React: 2 years Java: 5 years Technical Lead / Architect: 3 years Angular: 3 years Required license or certification: AWSLead Engineer Engineering 703 Market Street, San Francisco, CA, United States Civic has built a visionary blockchain identity verification technology that allows consumers to authorize the use of their identities in real-time. We are spearheading the development of an ecosystem that is designed to facilitate on-demand, secure, and low-cost access to identity verification services via the blockchain. Civic’s mission is to provide every person on Earth with a digital identity that they can use to interact privately and securely with the world.  We envision a world where people can decide who they want to share their personal information with and what information gets shared. We have created a revolutionary platform to achieve this based on blockchain technology and have recently conducted one of the most well respected token sales in history!  We sold $33m worth of tokens that will allow us to deliver a Marketplace for transaction of trusted identities. This Marketplace will change both the economics and user experience of how trusted identity is used forever, opening up new use cases for how we  use identity.  For further reference on our token sale and how the ecosystem will work please click here and to read our whitepaper, click here . This is a truly unique opportunity to join our team and shape the future of Civic as we begin a massive growth phase in the company. This role requires a multi-talented engineer with strong architecture, design and leadership skills.  The ideal candidate has earned many t-shirts and knows how build the most scalable, most secure systems out there. Role Description: Build highly performant, scalable and ultra-secure systems in fast moving and changing environments Manage teams, delegate work and identify and play to the strengths of individual team members. Requirements: Past experience building scalable, secure systems Passionate about cryptocurrencies and how they can change the world Currently a Senior / Lead Engineer who likes to roll up his/her sleeves Experienced Scrum Master who has rolled out Scrum in teams DevOps experience Significant experience with JavaScript, node.js, HTML, CSS, AWS Collaborative approach Some experience in Cryptography related software implementations Uncompromising about test driven development and continuous integration Some experience with Mobile Engineering Participation in open source projects and understand of how to build an open source community Has worked with and built strong remote teams and is happy working with teams all over the globe Knowledge of how to manage teams, delegate work and identify and play to the strengths of individual team members. This role is only open to the most passionate engineers who want to work with the best and, most importantly, build and lead the best teams!  Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms    Skip to main content                                      This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Learn more                  Microsoft Careers                  Sign in                    Account central   Apply history   Help center   Job alerts   Job watch list   Recommended jobs   Resumes                  Welcome!      If you have an existing Microsoft Careers account, sign in below. If you are new to the site, create a Microsoft Careers account by clicking on one of the following:            Microsoft    LinkedIn    Google    Facebook      Cancel            Working at Microsoft    Benefits and perks    Businesses and teams    Mission and culture    Office locations      Students and graduates    Apply    Events and webinars    Find your recruiter    International opportunities    Programs      Find a job    Students and graduates    Industry professionals      Things to do    Create a careers account    Explore recommended jobs    Locate events and webinars    Find your recruiter    Review interview tips       Working at LinkedIn                                   Senior Program Manager          Microsoft's Cloud and Enterprise division is looking for a Program Manager to work with us on the next generation of mobile developer services and tools. With industry-leading services like HockeyApp, Xamarin Insights, Xamarin Test Cloud, CodePush, Azure Mobile App Services and Mobile Center, our continued investment in tools for “Any developer. Any app. Any platform” has never been more alive. We are uniquely positioned to reshape the market. If you want to be part of shaping the future of mobile development at Microsoft, come join us. For this role, we are looking for a program manager passionate with helping mobile application developers make 5-star apps with Visual Studio Mobile Center. Mobile Center is a brand-new product; you’ll be working with some of the founders, engineers and PMs from the best-in-breed startups from the mobile space acquired by Microsoft and you’ll have the chance to innovate into the fast-evolving Mobile DevOps space. If you are passionate about mobile, excited by learning, thrive in an ever-changing environment and – above all – love to build great products using customer feedback, then we want to hear from you! We need a talented, multi-disciplinary program manager who’s able to combine empathetic customer listening with sharp development and writing skills to reach iOS, Android, and Windows developers on a global scale. If you’re interested in making a big splash among the development community, then this position will give you the opportunity to innovate, solve tough problems and engage with mobile developers on the daily. Job responsibilities include: • Actively and successfully drive customer adoption, success and deep engagement with developer tools and services. • Lead thinking about how to grow our businesses. • Speak with customers daily to understand their needs and pain points. • Craft measurable product hypotheses and test them through experimentation. • Perform competitive analysis and customer research to better understand how the value props delivered in your feature area compare to the marketplace. • Act as “Product Owner” for your feature area by establishing a vision, defining measurable goals, and tracking progress through quick iteration. • Influence management and broad features teams to the benefit of our customers and the business. • Ensure that the end-to-end experience is being met for your feature area. • Enable the feature team to iterate quickly by removing obstacles, sharing new information as it becomes available, and engineering consensus among stakeholders. • Engage with the community to promote Microsoft tools and services through blog posts, social media and public speaking opportunities (e.g. conferences, meetups). • Consistently takes personal ownership to define and guide the creation of software workflows that customers love and that drive key business goals. • Contribute to successful partnerships inside the company (e.g. cross-divisional collaboration) to create more compelling developer workflows and outside the company (e.g. other tool-makers) to achieve success and scale. Scope/breakdown of position (% of time-primary responsibilities): • 30% Product Design (e.g. UX design, requirements, scoping) • 20% Customer Engagement (e.g.    customer interviews, participating in online forums, user research) • 20% Coding & Writing (e.g. samples, tutorials, blog posts) • 20% Market Research • 10% Project Management (e.g. documentation, product backlogs, meetings) Successful candidates will have: • Knowledge of mobile development (e.g. iOS, Android, Xamarin, React Native) • Having been involved in an app development project that published the app in a store • Record of successfully developing strong relationships and successfully managing complex, cross discipline projects • A history of relationship-building, process management, measured accountability, project management, collaboration and operational support. • In depth, working knowledge of PM lifecycle processes is a must (ITLC, Waterfall, Scrum, etc). • Demonstrated experience successfully influencing technical product design and UX design based on feedback from customers • Strong technical problem-solving skills • Great cross-group collaboration skills • Relentless drive for results • Excellent written & oral communication skills • Strong sense of teamwork Required Qualifications: • 3+ years of technical program management or development experience • 3+ years of experience in customer-focused feature design • 3+ years collaborating across teams and functional areas • BS or equivalent degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. DevDivNat       Job #     324366  1074188       Locations    United States, San Francisco (CA)      Job families    Program management (engineering)      Teams    Cloud and enterprise            Empower your future.                                 Apply  When you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. You may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match.    Select resume  The resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.      Edit this resume   Create New Resume               The resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. Please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.  Are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?       Affirmative action information    Microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. To assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. This information is solicited from all individuals applying for U.S. - based positions with Microsoft, as required by U.S. law. Completion of this section is strictly voluntary. Declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. The ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.       Gender   Male Female Decline to state     Race/ethnicity  View definitions  Close definitions           What prompted you to apply to Microsoft?                                                               To confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. You can avoid this by signing in.   Notes: Your computer must be able to play audio in WAV format. The audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. If the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.           Play audio                                Update contact information?   Some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing Microsoft Careers account. Do you want us to update your account with the latest information?            Great! Updates to your account have been saved.           You need a resume to apply    To apply for this job, you must to submit a resume.    If you already have a saved resume,  Sign in              The selected job(s) were added to your job watch list               Feedback       X              Get started    Explore recommended jobs    Search jobs    Manage job alerts    Manage resumes      Life at Microsoft    Diversity    JobsBlog    News Center    Stories    The Fire Hose    Women at Microsoft      Tips and tools    Apply history    Frequently asked questions    Help center    Interview tips    Job watch list      Connect with us                                       Legal  Privacy  Contact us  ©2017 Microsoft                        Skip to main content                                      This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Learn more                  Microsoft Careers                  Sign in                    Account central   Apply history   Help center   Job alerts   Job watch list   Recommended jobs   Resumes                  Welcome!      If you have an existing Microsoft Careers account, sign in below. If you are new to the site, create a Microsoft Careers account by clicking on one of the following:            Microsoft    LinkedIn    Google    Facebook      Cancel            Working at Microsoft    Benefits and perks    Businesses and teams    Mission and culture    Office locations      Students and graduates    Apply    Events and webinars    Find your recruiter    International opportunities    Programs      Find a job    Students and graduates    Industry professionals      Things to do    Create a careers account    Explore recommended jobs    Locate events and webinars    Find your recruiter    Review interview tips       Working at LinkedIn                                   Senior Program Manager          Microsoft's Cloud and Enterprise division is looking for a Program Manager to work with us on the next generation of mobile developer services and tools. With industry-leading services like HockeyApp, Xamarin Insights, Xamarin Test Cloud, CodePush, Azure Mobile App Services and Mobile Center, our continued investment in tools for “Any developer. Any app. Any platform” has never been more alive. We are uniquely positioned to reshape the market. If you want to be part of shaping the future of mobile development at Microsoft, come join us. For this role, we are looking for a program manager passionate with helping mobile application developers make 5-star apps with Visual Studio Mobile Center. Mobile Center is a brand-new product; you’ll be working with some of the founders, engineers and PMs from the best-in-breed startups from the mobile space acquired by Microsoft and you’ll have the chance to innovate into the fast-evolving Mobile DevOps space. If you are passionate about mobile, excited by learning, thrive in an ever-changing environment and – above all – love to build great products using customer feedback, then we want to hear from you! We need a talented, multi-disciplinary program manager who’s able to combine empathetic customer listening with sharp development and writing skills to reach iOS, Android, and Windows developers on a global scale. If you’re interested in making a big splash among the development community, then this position will give you the opportunity to innovate, solve tough problems and engage with mobile developers on the daily. Job responsibilities include: • Actively and successfully drive customer adoption, success and deep engagement with developer tools and services. • Lead thinking about how to grow our businesses. • Speak with customers daily to understand their needs and pain points. • Craft measurable product hypotheses and test them through experimentation. • Perform competitive analysis and customer research to better understand how the value props delivered in your feature area compare to the marketplace. • Act as “Product Owner” for your feature area by establishing a vision, defining measurable goals, and tracking progress through quick iteration. • Influence management and broad features teams to the benefit of our customers and the business. • Ensure that the end-to-end experience is being met for your feature area. • Enable the feature team to iterate quickly by removing obstacles, sharing new information as it becomes available, and engineering consensus among stakeholders. • Engage with the community to promote Microsoft tools and services through blog posts, social media and public speaking opportunities (e.g. conferences, meetups). • Consistently takes personal ownership to define and guide the creation of software workflows that customers love and that drive key business goals. • Contribute to successful partnerships inside the company (e.g. cross-divisional collaboration) to create more compelling developer workflows and outside the company (e.g. other tool-makers) to achieve success and scale. Scope/breakdown of position (% of time-primary responsibilities): • 30% Product Design (e.g. UX design, requirements, scoping) • 20% Customer Engagement (e.g.    customer interviews, participating in online forums, user research) • 20% Coding & Writing (e.g. samples, tutorials, blog posts) • 20% Market Research • 10% Project Management (e.g. documentation, product backlogs, meetings) Successful candidates will have: • Knowledge of mobile development (e.g. iOS, Android, Xamarin, React Native) • Having been involved in an app development project that published the app in a store • Record of successfully developing strong relationships and successfully managing complex, cross discipline projects • A history of relationship-building, process management, measured accountability, project management, collaboration and operational support. • In depth, working knowledge of PM lifecycle processes is a must (ITLC, Waterfall, Scrum, etc). • Demonstrated experience successfully influencing technical product design and UX design based on feedback from customers • Strong technical problem-solving skills • Great cross-group collaboration skills • Relentless drive for results • Excellent written & oral communication skills • Strong sense of teamwork Required Qualifications: • 3+ years of technical program management or development experience • 3+ years of experience in customer-focused feature design • 3+ years collaborating across teams and functional areas • BS or equivalent degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. DevDivNat       Job #     324366  1074188       Locations    United States, San Francisco (CA)      Job families    Program management (engineering)      Teams    Cloud and enterprise            Empower your future.                                 Apply  When you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. You may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match.    Select resume  The resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.      Edit this resume   Create New Resume               The resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. Please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.  Are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?       Affirmative action information    Microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. To assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. This information is solicited from all individuals applying for U.S. - based positions with Microsoft, as required by U.S. law. Completion of this section is strictly voluntary. Declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. The ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.       Gender   Male Female Decline to state     Race/ethnicity  View definitions  Close definitions           What prompted you to apply to Microsoft?                                                               To confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. You can avoid this by signing in.   Notes: Your computer must be able to play audio in WAV format. The audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. If the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.           Play audio                                Update contact information?   Some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing Microsoft Careers account. Do you want us to update your account with the latest information?            Great! Updates to your account have been saved.           You need a resume to apply    To apply for this job, you must to submit a resume.    If you already have a saved resume,  Sign in              The selected job(s) were added to your job watch list               Feedback       X              Get started    Explore recommended jobs    Search jobs    Manage job alerts    Manage resumes      Life at Microsoft    Diversity    JobsBlog    News Center    Stories    The Fire Hose    Women at Microsoft      Tips and tools    Apply history    Frequently asked questions    Help center    Interview tips    Job watch list      Connect with us                                       Legal  Privacy  Contact us  ©2017 Microsoft                           Apply Now  Front-end Engineering Manager - Console (Node/React)  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA / Mountain View, CA    About the job:   As Manager of the Voice & Video Customer Experience team, you will lead a team responsible for providing an exceptional experience for our customers in managing all aspect of their services.  This includes customer on-boarding, configuration of services, troubleshooting, as well as optimizing applications using real-time analytics and tools.  We are seeking a leader with extensive experience as a manager leading the development and operations of a full stack front-end team, using modern Javascript UI frameworks such as React and in server environments such as Node.js.  Responsibilities:    Lead and grow a team of passionate engineers through their journey to Agile Maturity.  Provide support and guidance that e nables the team to self-organize and to achieve sustained high velocity and predictability.  Manage employee career development by providing coaching and mentoring to junior engineers while guiding senior contributors to maximize their potential.  Provide continuous performance feedback, collaborate with employees on their objectives and provide a clear path for progression through personal development plans.  Own, operate and maintain your team’s services.  Employ Agile methodologies to continuously deliver value to customers.  Institute and maintain a rotating on-call incident escalation and response processes for the team.  Collaborate on roadmaps with Product Managers, Architects and Tech Leads to ensure the team has clear direction and priorities. Ensure there is cross-training and a healthy balance between features and technical debt.  Interface with our central design team to ensure consistency across our user experiences.  Institute development best practices to ensure the team produces high quality, well architected and supportable code.  Lead reviews of architecture design.  Also work to enable a Continuous Integration environment.  Serve as the team’s Scrum Master, breaking down roadblocks as well as managing communications with stakeholders and dependent teams.  Create a culture of continuous improvement through retrospection.  As a member of the Engineering Management team, foster leadership principles and behaviors throughout the organization to groom the next generation of leaders.  Act as an ambassador for Twilio, recruiting and motivating top talent.   Requirements:   Experience leading a team as Manager with people responsibilities for at least five reports and for two years.  You are first and foremost a people person who has the ability to attract and motivate top talent.  You are curious, collaborative, humble and have empathy as a key trait.  We are seeking leaders who have solved complex problems and have the aptitude to navigate uncharted waters.  You are a strategic thinker and thrive operating in broad scope, from conception through continuous operation of 24x7 services. As a pragmatist, you are able to distill complex and ambiguous situations into actionable plans for your team .  Master of agile processes, continuous integration and test automation.  Ideally you have completed formal Agile training and have managed a Scrum team.  Minimum five years hands-on experience developing and scaling full stack front-end Web applications.  Experience managing engineers in a high technical and complex operations environment.  Ideally, you have experience in a production Cloud / DevOps environment.   About us:  Twilio's mission is to fuel the future of communications. Developers and businesses use Twilio to make communications relevant and contextual by embedding messaging, voice and video capabilities directly into their software applications. Founded in 2008, Twilio has over 650 employees, with headquarters in San Francisco and other offices in Bogotá, Dublin, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Mountain View, Munich, New York City, Singapore and Tallinn.  Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. #LI-POST1         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile URL       Website       Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Sign in  Candidate registration          Candidate registration        Login  Forgot password        Forgot password       Sign in  Candidate registration                           QUESTIONS?  1-800-667-6389        Contact Us               Login              Products              Products Overview       Pricing         SELL FASTER AND SMARTER       Salesforce Lightning   Help reps sell the way they want, faster.           Learn how         Meet Salesforce Einstein   Introducing artificial intelligence for everyone in your business.           Learn more                                 SALES       Sales Cloud   Sales force automation and CRM        SalesforceIQ   The smart, simple CRM to grow your business        Salesforce Quote-to-Cash   Configure, price, quote (CPQ) and billing automation        Data.com   B2B prospecting and data cleansing        INDUSTRIES       Financial Services Cloud   CRM for banking, insurance, wealth management, and more        Health Cloud   CRM for managing patient relationships        COMMERCE       Commerce Cloud   Digital commerce, point of sale, and order management         SERVICE       Service Cloud   Fully customizable support and help desk        Desk.com   All-in-one customer support for small business        ANALYTICS       Analytics Cloud   Business analytics on any data, any device        Wave Apps   Apps that drive sales insight and customer delight        COMMUNITY       Community Cloud   Connect customers, partners, and employees        Chatter   Enterprise social network         MARKETING       Marketing Cloud   Digital marketing platform        Pardot   B2B marketing automation        Krux   Data management platform        PLATFORM AND APPS       App Cloud   The #1 platform as a service        AppExchange   App, component, and consultant marketplace        Force.com   Lightning apps for everyone        Heroku Enterprise   Scalable apps for developers        INTERNET OF THINGS       IOT Cloud   Platform to connect the internet of things with your CRM                                   Solutions              BY ROLE       Sales       Service       Marketing       IT       BY BUSINESS TYPE       Small Business       Nonprofit       Startups        BY NEED       Lightning       Artificial Intelligence       Mobility       Productivity        BY INDUSTRY       Overview       Industries Overview       Financial Services       Healthcare & Life Sciences       Retail       Manufacturing       Communications       Media       Government       Automotive       Higher Education       Nonprofit                   Services              SERVICES OVERVIEW       Overview       Which services are right for you?       SUCCESS PLANS       What are Success Plans?       Features       Compare Plans        STRATEGIC SERVICES       What are Strategic Services?       Marketing Cloud Services       Advisory Services       Strategic Projects       Experience Design       Innovation & Transformation Center       SALESFORCE UNIVERSITY       Overview       Training by role       Training by cloud       Certifications                   Support              GET SUPPORT       Overview        Get Support        Contact Support        Support Self Service       FIND HELP       Overview        Find Help        Browse Knowledge        Documentation        Training       Trailhead        SUPPORT FROM THE INDUSTRY       Customer Community        Developer Community        Partner Community        AppExchange Marketplace         TOP QUESTIONS       How do I reset my password without the answer to my security question?        Insufficient Privileges Errors        Formula Operators and Functions Overview        Salesforce for Outlook Sync       Troubleshooting Workflow                   Events              EVENTS       Overview       Events Overview       Dreamforce 2016        Developer Events        Webinars       Salesforce LIVE            SALESFORCE LIVE            Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.                           Customers              CUSTOMER STORIES       Small Business       Enterprise            FEATURED STORY            See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.                           About Us              CORPORATE       Our Story       What is Salesforce?       Press       Analyst Reports       Investor Relations       Careers       Trust        Salesforce.org        Equality       Sustainability       Ventures       Leadership       Global Offices       Legal       Public Policy        INSPIRATION       Salesforce LIVE       Salesforce Blog        HIGHLIGHTS       Quarterly Video                      Try for Free          Try for Free                        Login        Products    Products Overview    Pricing    Sales Cloud    SalesforceIQ    Salesforce Quote-to-Cash    Data.com    Financial Services Cloud    Health Cloud    Commerce Cloud    Service Cloud    Desk.com    Analytics Cloud    Wave Apps    Community Cloud    Chatter    Marketing Cloud    Pardot    Krux    App Cloud    AppExchange    Force.com    Heroku Enterprise    IOT Cloud      Solutions    Sales    Service    Marketing    IT    Small Business    Nonprofit    Startups    Lightning    Artificial Intelligence    Mobility    Productivity    Industries Overview    Financial Services    Healthcare & Life Sciences    Retail    Manufacturing    Communications    Media    Government    Automotive    Higher Education      Services    Which services are right for you?    Features    Compare Plans    Marketing Cloud Services    Advisory Services    Strategic Projects    Experience Design    Innovation & Transformation Center    Training by role    Training by cloud    Certifications      Support    Get Support    Contact Support    Support Self Service    Overview    Find Help    Browse Knowledge    Documentation    Training    Trailhead    Customer Community    Developer Community    Partner Community    AppExchange Marketplace      Events    Events Overview    Dreamforce 2016    Developer Events    Webinars    Salesforce LIVE    Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.      Customers    Small Business    Enterprise    See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.      About Us    Our Story    What is Salesforce?    Press    Analyst Reports    Investor Relations    Careers    Trust    Salesforce.org    Equality    Sustainability    Ventures    Leadership    Global Offices    Legal    Public Policy    Salesforce LIVE    Salesforce Blog    Quarterly Video                             Careers     ‹  Back to Careers Home                        What:           Where:               Advanced search       Lead Network Security Engineer, Infrastructure Security        Share              Show me jobs like this one       Category:  Technical Operations   Location:  US - California - San Francisco (HQ)   US - Washington - Bellevue   Post Date: 10/24/2017   The Security team at Salesforce is building a brand new platform for managing inter-service access management. We are looking at a state-of-the-art framework that provides automated translation from user specifications of service access rules to various access control points in our cloud infrastructure where these rules are enforced. This control platform spawns different networking layers (from containers, VMs, physical servers and networking devices) as well as technologies (network segmentation, firewalls, hypervisor and tenants controls). This is a great opportunity for engineers that want a comprehensive technical growth as it involves developing skills on three coordinates: - Networking: Exploring and implementing solutions at various OSI layers and devices, from physical hosts to containers to network switches, from VXLAN to BGP - Development: Architecting and coding microservices in OOO languages (Golang, Python, etc). No strings attached, just coding on a clean canvas. - Security: Experimenting with access control techniques, management and monitoring of communication among services. Responsibilities:  Designing and implementing networking access management solutions (software or hardware-based) across different technological stacks (physical devices, bare metal OS, hypervisors, VMs, Docker containers) in Salesforce's private and public clouds Optimizing access control management from policy declaration to enforcement points (network ACLs, firewalls, iptables, etc.) Researching and implementing new networking security solutions and platforms for service communication and access management (intra and inter-clouds, WAN) Performing datacenter network architecture security assessments and architecting IaaS/PaaS platforms to harden security and availability posture Developing and managing production services that support network security infrastructure in a full DevOps model   Requirements:  8+ years of technical experience, including: 3+ years experience in operating networking or networking security infrastructure 3+ years experience in a high-availability 24x7x365 environment (cloud platforms are a plus)  Expertise in OSI model and datacenter infrastructure networking (host bootstrap to data lifecycle DHCP, gateway discovery, DNS, TCP, ...) Hands-on expertise in networking security development, in either or both Hardware: switch ACLs, stateful firewalls, network segmentation, security zones, etc Software: iptables, ipsec, VM/Container technologies (OpenStack Neutron, Calico), IDSs, RBACs, VPCs  Demonstrated understanding of general Unix/Linux systems (e.g., CentOS, RHEL, Solaris, or similar) Proficiency in at least one of the following OOO programming languages: Golang, Java, C++, Python, C#   Desired Skills/Experience:  M.Sc/M.Eng in Computer Science/Engineering or B.A/B.Sc. in same disciplines with equivalent years of experience Hands-on expertise in building datacenter (security) networking infrastructure, especially for large cloud PaaS Experience in software-based networking technologies (SLB, SDN, VXLAN, VPN) Experience working with systems from one or more of the following vendors: Hardware: Palo Alto, Fortinet, Arista, Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, Force 10, F5 Networks, Gigamon. Software: OpenStack Neutron, Calico, Illumio, Vmware overlays  Proven track of building large-scale PaaS or IaaS, leveraging well-known distributed systems technologies (Paxos, Raft, Zookeeper, Kafka, RabbitMQ, MongoDB, etc...) Strong command over high-availability design, including multi-site routing, peering, and disaster recovery applications and network architectures DevOps mindset and strong ownership over owned code (test, monitor, deploy, maintain) Automation/scripting skill for configuration management/monitoring   Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes's "World's Most Innovative Company" five years in a row and one of Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For" eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. LI-Y*                            Follow us                 Action    Apply   Print  Email a friend          Popular locations: US - California - San Francisco (HQ)  (417) | UK - London  (79) | Ireland - Dublin  (78) | US - Indiana - Indianapolis  (78) | US - New York - New York  (76)  Popular categories: Sales - Account Executive  (366) | Technology - Software Development  (130) | Solution Engineering  (98) | Customer Success – Professional Services  (77) | Technology - Infrastructure Engineering  (68)    Home  About us  Job search  Privacy policy  Security Statement  All Rights Reserved  Mobile version                        CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389         New to Salesforce?         Why Salesforce      Help Desk Software      Marketing Automation Software      Explore all products      What is cloud computing      Customer success      Product pricing      Subscribe to Salesforce         About Salesforce         Our story      Press      Blog       Careers      Trust       Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Investors          Popular Links         New release features      Salesforce1 Mobile App      AppExchange       Dreamforce       CRM software      Salesforce LIVE      Salesforce for startups              CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389                 * From FORTUNE ® Magazine, March 15, 2017 © 2017 Time Inc. FORTUNE and 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks and are used under License. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Salesforce.                      Americas         América Latina (Español)      Brasil (Português)      Canada (English)      Canada (Français)      United States (English)         Europe, Middle East, and Africa         España (Español)      Deutschland (Deutsch)      France (Français)      Italia (Italiano)      Nederland (Nederlands)      Sverige (Svenska)      United Kingdom (English)      All other countries (English)         Asia Pacific         Australia (English)      India (English)      日本 (日本語)      한국 (한국어)      中国 (简体中文)      台灣 (繁體中文)      All other countries (English)             WORLDWIDE          Terms of Service   Privacy   Responsible Disclosure   Trust   Contact      © Copyright 2017 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States                                 Please Enable Cookies to Continue Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.         Welcome page         Returning Candidate?   Log back in!             Sr DevOps Engineer       Job Locations   US-CA-Berkeley       Requisition ID  2017-17044   Category  Research & Software Developmnt     Overview     HERE Technologies , the Open Location Platform company, enables people, enterprises and cities to harness the power of location. By making sense of the world through the lens of location we empower our customers to achieve better outcomes – from helping a city manage its infrastructure or an enterprise optimize its assets to delivering drivers to their destination safely. To learn more about HERE, including our new generation of cloud-based location platform services, visit http://360.here.com .  HERE is seeking a talented Senior DevOps Engineer to work on cutting edge, AWS based, large scale, product operations team we are expanding  We are specifically looking for a self-motivated, team-player who has experience developing and deploying production infrastructure. Our team is building the critical infrastructure that will be relied on to provide a performant and stable backbone for high end computational algorithms, spatial data services, and data ingestion services to enable Highly Automated Driving systems  In this role the successful candidate will work with software developers to ensure successful development and deployment of key system components and solutions overall. As a DevOps Engineer, this role will have a breadth of knowledge and success in conducting planning, deployment, and automation as well as the ability to comprehend requirements, complete work in a timely manner and communicate information effectively. This is a crucial role in a new team, so your knowledge and experience has the potential to make a huge impact by building internal software tools that improve how we work. This candidate should have 3+ years of professional software development and deployment experience including working knowledge in continuous integration and deployment  We are looking for intermediate to advanced level candidates that are motivated, enjoy working on a variety of problems, and don’t mind getting their hands dirty in Linux.      Responsibilities     Work with Release Manager and development teams to deploy software releases. Work alongside development teams to ensure applications comply with operational Non-Functional Requirements Develop release approach using automated deployment techniques. Develop automation scripts, daemons, and APIs to reduce operational overhead Conduct internal Integration testing to ensure system reliability, capacity and scalability. Run smoke tests wherever necessary. Log defects as needed and participate in triage process. Analyze root causes of issues and provide corrective actions. Conduct job trainings and provide assistance to other DevOps Engineers as needed. Suggest new tools and techniques to improve deployment efficiency. Review and recommend improvements to existing procedures and processes. Manage Cloud infrastructure services and accounts Provide 24X7 support on a rotating basis      Qualifications     Required Skills Bachelor’s degree in a related field 5+ years of experience in cloud computing like Amazon Web Services 3+ years of experience in scripting languages like Perl, PHP, JavaScript, etc. 3+ years of experience in deploying J2EE applications in Tomcat, JBoss etc. Working knowledge of RESTful APIs , XML, JSON, network programming and message exchange systems using tools like SoapUI, etc. Must be a team player, should be able to get along well with others Great communication skills (including active listening and comprehending requirements)  Desired Skills Scrum model Knowledge of deploying large and complex systems Knowledge of configuration management tools including Puppet and Chef Knowledge of metadata management tools Knowledge of automated health-check scripts to verify new environments are running healthy, including Nagios and Cloudwatch Knowledge of Jenkins/Electric Commander or another continuous integration and release management tools Good knowledge of SCM tools including Git, subversion Knowledge of build automation tools e.g. maven, ant, gradle Knowledge of one or more scripting languages e.g. python, ruby, groovy Knowledge of log indexing tools like Splunk Expertise working in Unix/Linux environment Proficiency in Docker Equal Opportunity Employer: Race/Color/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Religion/National Origin/Disability/Vets.       Options   Apply for this job online Apply Share Email this job to a friend Refer    Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.   Share on your newsfeed     Connect With Us!    Not ready to apply? Connect with us for general consideration.       Application FAQs Software Powered by iCIMS www.icims.com              Apply Now  Software and Reliability Engineer (SRE) / DevOps  at LightStep  SF Headquarters    At LightStep, we’re building a transformative new product for tracking and understanding application behavior and performance. As we add new capabilities and scale out our technology, we need to grow our creative, curious, low-ego engineering team! You’ll be joining us in San Francisco and working on a sophisticated distributed system that collects, manages, analyses, and presents high-fidelity data from our customers’ applications.    You’d be a great fit if…   You’re excited to be part of the core group that sets the quality standard for time to come.  You enjoy digging deep into fundamentally hard CS and engineering problems.  You’re motivated by both open-ended challenges and practical it-just-needs-to-get-done code: whatever has the most impact.  You’re eager to learn from your teammates and have something to teach them as well.  You may have a particular area of expertise, but think of yourself as a generalist who likes to challenge yourself in new areas (and wants to work with a team that encourages you to do so).     Bonus points if…   You’ve worked on (and/or have a lot of curiosity about) large-scale distributed systems and microservice-based architectures.  You’ve got a background in (and/or have a lot of curiosity about) large-scale system performance and/or security.  You have experience outside of engineering: marketing, sales, design, etc.  You contribute to open source projects and/or do community-building work.          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job? *                   Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Principal DevOps Engineer San Francisco Technology Full-time Apply for this job Come drive the transformation of financial services, solve big problems and make a meaningful difference in people’s lives. Join the Upgrade team, the same team that built Lending Club and is now set to innovate again. Upgrade is combining a marketplace lending approach with credit monitoring and credit education features designed to be even more helpful to more people. The company is still at an early stage; this is your opportunity to join early and have a significant impact.  Come join a team of just over 100 talented and passionate fintech engineers, product, credit, finance, legal, compliance, operations and marketing professionals.  We are looking for new team members who get excited about constantly learning, and always seeking to design and implement new and better solutions. Responsibilities: Build and maintain a resilient, secure, and efficient cloud based platform to meet established SLAs Automate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response Monitor site stability and performance and troubleshoot site issues Scale infrastructure to meet rapidly increasing demand Manage cross-functional requirements working with Engineering, Product, Services, and other departments Collaborate with developers to bring new features and services into production Develop and improve operational practices and procedures Proactively meet standards for information security and compliance, such as ISO, SOX, SSAE 16, etc. Skills: At least 7 years of relevant experience In-depth knowledge of AWS services and prior hands-on experience in AWS provisioning Advanced knowledge of Chef Strong understanding of systems and networking concepts and troubleshooting techniques Knowledge of application deployment and data migration on AWS Experience in automated build pipeline, continuous integration and continuous deployment (Jenkins or similar) Knowledge of monitoring, logging and cost management tools that integrate with AWS Ability to operate in an agile, entrepreneurial start-up environment AWS certification is a plus Benefits/Perks: Great OPEN office location! Conveniently located in San Francisco Financial District Close to BART and Public Transportation Comprehensive benefits package: Medical, dental, & vision Unlimited vacation policy Kitchen stocked with beverages, snacks & treats Weekly & monthly social gatherings / happy hours We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status Apply for this job Upgrade Home Page Jobs powered by      Sign in  Candidate registration          Candidate registration        Login  Forgot password        Forgot password       Sign in  Candidate registration                           QUESTIONS?  1-800-667-6389        Contact Us               Login              Products              Products Overview       Pricing         SELL FASTER AND SMARTER       Salesforce Lightning   Help reps sell the way they want, faster.           Learn how         Meet Salesforce Einstein   Introducing artificial intelligence for everyone in your business.           Learn more                                 SALES       Sales Cloud   Sales force automation and CRM        SalesforceIQ   The smart, simple CRM to grow your business        Salesforce Quote-to-Cash   Configure, price, quote (CPQ) and billing automation        Data.com   B2B prospecting and data cleansing        INDUSTRIES       Financial Services Cloud   CRM for banking, insurance, wealth management, and more        Health Cloud   CRM for managing patient relationships        COMMERCE       Commerce Cloud   Digital commerce, point of sale, and order management         SERVICE       Service Cloud   Fully customizable support and help desk        Desk.com   All-in-one customer support for small business        ANALYTICS       Analytics Cloud   Business analytics on any data, any device        Wave Apps   Apps that drive sales insight and customer delight        COMMUNITY       Community Cloud   Connect customers, partners, and employees        Chatter   Enterprise social network         MARKETING       Marketing Cloud   Digital marketing platform        Pardot   B2B marketing automation        Krux   Data management platform        PLATFORM AND APPS       App Cloud   The #1 platform as a service        AppExchange   App, component, and consultant marketplace        Force.com   Lightning apps for everyone        Heroku Enterprise   Scalable apps for developers        INTERNET OF THINGS       IOT Cloud   Platform to connect the internet of things with your CRM                                   Solutions              BY ROLE       Sales       Service       Marketing       IT       BY BUSINESS TYPE       Small Business       Nonprofit       Startups        BY NEED       Lightning       Artificial Intelligence       Mobility       Productivity        BY INDUSTRY       Overview       Industries Overview       Financial Services       Healthcare & Life Sciences       Retail       Manufacturing       Communications       Media       Government       Automotive       Higher Education       Nonprofit                   Services              SERVICES OVERVIEW       Overview       Which services are right for you?       SUCCESS PLANS       What are Success Plans?       Features       Compare Plans        STRATEGIC SERVICES       What are Strategic Services?       Marketing Cloud Services       Advisory Services       Strategic Projects       Experience Design       Innovation & Transformation Center       SALESFORCE UNIVERSITY       Overview       Training by role       Training by cloud       Certifications                   Support              GET SUPPORT       Overview        Get Support        Contact Support        Support Self Service       FIND HELP       Overview        Find Help        Browse Knowledge        Documentation        Training       Trailhead        SUPPORT FROM THE INDUSTRY       Customer Community        Developer Community        Partner Community        AppExchange Marketplace         TOP QUESTIONS       How do I reset my password without the answer to my security question?        Insufficient Privileges Errors        Formula Operators and Functions Overview        Salesforce for Outlook Sync       Troubleshooting Workflow                   Events              EVENTS       Overview       Events Overview       Dreamforce 2016        Developer Events        Webinars       Salesforce LIVE            SALESFORCE LIVE            Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.                           Customers              CUSTOMER STORIES       Small Business       Enterprise            FEATURED STORY            See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.                           About Us              CORPORATE       Our Story       What is Salesforce?       Press       Analyst Reports       Investor Relations       Careers       Trust        Salesforce.org        Equality       Sustainability       Ventures       Leadership       Global Offices       Legal       Public Policy        INSPIRATION       Salesforce LIVE       Salesforce Blog        HIGHLIGHTS       Quarterly Video                      Try for Free          Try for Free                        Login        Products    Products Overview    Pricing    Sales Cloud    SalesforceIQ    Salesforce Quote-to-Cash    Data.com    Financial Services Cloud    Health Cloud    Commerce Cloud    Service Cloud    Desk.com    Analytics Cloud    Wave Apps    Community Cloud    Chatter    Marketing Cloud    Pardot    Krux    App Cloud    AppExchange    Force.com    Heroku Enterprise    IOT Cloud      Solutions    Sales    Service    Marketing    IT    Small Business    Nonprofit    Startups    Lightning    Artificial Intelligence    Mobility    Productivity    Industries Overview    Financial Services    Healthcare & Life Sciences    Retail    Manufacturing    Communications    Media    Government    Automotive    Higher Education      Services    Which services are right for you?    Features    Compare Plans    Marketing Cloud Services    Advisory Services    Strategic Projects    Experience Design    Innovation & Transformation Center    Training by role    Training by cloud    Certifications      Support    Get Support    Contact Support    Support Self Service    Overview    Find Help    Browse Knowledge    Documentation    Training    Trailhead    Customer Community    Developer Community    Partner Community    AppExchange Marketplace      Events    Events Overview    Dreamforce 2016    Developer Events    Webinars    Salesforce LIVE    Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.      Customers    Small Business    Enterprise    See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.      About Us    Our Story    What is Salesforce?    Press    Analyst Reports    Investor Relations    Careers    Trust    Salesforce.org    Equality    Sustainability    Ventures    Leadership    Global Offices    Legal    Public Policy    Salesforce LIVE    Salesforce Blog    Quarterly Video                             Careers     ‹  Back to Careers Home                        What:           Where:               Advanced search       Systems Engineer / DevOps - Infrastructure  Delivery        Share              Show me jobs like this one       Category:  Technology - Infrastructure Engineering   Location:  US - California - San Francisco (HQ)   Post Date: 11/10/2017   As a  SysEng/DevOps Engineer in the Infrastructure Engineering organization, you will be a member of a dynamic team focusing on building and maintaining an enterprise level, cloud computing infrastructure. You understand and apply a wide variety of concepts, practices and procedures of service delivery engineering, and can resolve a wide range of issues in creative ways.  You are a self-starter, able to make quick, effective decisions and think outside the box.  Take management requirements and are able to design and implement automation. You work on multiple projects of moderate complexity.  Demonstrate good judgment and use your expertise in selecting methods and techniques for developing solutions.  Doing more with less is a challenge in which you excel.  Roles & Responsibilities:   You will be part of CANS (Capacity Add and New Services) team within the Service Engineering org.   Required to define requirements for, and write/test custom tools to handle DevOps work  not covered by the tools team (Compute Systems).   Work very closely with the tools team (Compute Systems) to provide feedback and requirements for enhancements of the tools you will use for the Infrastructure build outs. Contribute code wherever possible to their code bases to drive improvement.   Responsible for infrastructure builds for production capacity and new services rollout. You will also be responsible for DevOps support to our Service Engineers and the R&D teams.   Work very closely with Service Engineers to provide build and DevOps support to the new micro services.   Must make ownership and accountability for one's actions, and be known for meticulous attention to detail.   Develop and leverage your already strong leadership, influence and communication skills. Service Engineering develops those cross-technology skills that will serve you well in whatever direction you take your career down the road   Experience/Skills required:   BS/BA Degree in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience.   Experience with automation frameworks such as Puppet, Ansible, and Rundeck. Experience designing, deploying and maintaining Puppet based solutions.   Strong automation and coding experience using Shell/Python/Golang.   Experience in implementing micro services using Docker and Kubernetes.   Experienced in using wide variety of open source Technologies and Cloud services like AWS, Azure etc.   Mandatory Knowledge on RHEL/CentOS 6.x or above. Experience designing, deploying and maintaining bare metal provisioning and multiple server installation (Kickstart).   Understanding/management of code repositories like SVN/Git.   Understanding of Authentication Authorization and Accounting servers Kerberos / Active Directory / LDAP / RADIUS etc.   Experience building and configuring major Internet host/network services including but not limited to: Web (http, SSL, etc.), DNS, NFS, NIS/NIS+, databases (MySQL, Oracle, Postgres etc.) and Java.   Strong Networking experience - TCP/IP, administration of networking hardware (Cisco, Foundry, etc.), load balancing  - Considered a PLUS   Firewall/security experience - access control list management, secure remote access management practices, IDS, etc. - Considered a PLUS   Experience/Skills Desired:   Knowledge of Algorithms and Data Structures.   Excellent communication skills (written/verbal)   Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills, conducive to team development.   Knowledge of Agile Development or Scrum Project Management methodologies.   About Salesforce:  Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes's "World's Most Innovative Company" six years in a row and one of Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For" nine years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y                           Follow us                 Action    Apply   Print  Email a friend          Popular locations: US - California - San Francisco (HQ)  (417) | UK - London  (79) | Ireland - Dublin  (78) | US - Indiana - Indianapolis  (78) | US - New York - New York  (76)  Popular categories: Sales - Account Executive  (366) | Technology - Software Development  (130) | Solution Engineering  (98) | Customer Success – Professional Services  (77) | Technology - Infrastructure Engineering  (68)    Home  About us  Job search  Privacy policy  Security Statement  All Rights Reserved  Mobile version                        CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389         New to Salesforce?         Why Salesforce      Help Desk Software      Marketing Automation Software      Explore all products      What is cloud computing      Customer success      Product pricing      Subscribe to Salesforce         About Salesforce         Our story      Press      Blog       Careers      Trust       Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Investors          Popular Links         New release features      Salesforce1 Mobile App      AppExchange       Dreamforce       CRM software      Salesforce LIVE      Salesforce for startups              CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389                 * From FORTUNE ® Magazine, March 15, 2017 © 2017 Time Inc. FORTUNE and 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks and are used under License. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Salesforce.                      Americas         América Latina (Español)      Brasil (Português)      Canada (English)      Canada (Français)      United States (English)         Europe, Middle East, and Africa         España (Español)      Deutschland (Deutsch)      France (Français)      Italia (Italiano)      Nederland (Nederlands)      Sverige (Svenska)      United Kingdom (English)      All other countries (English)         Asia Pacific         Australia (English)      India (English)      日本 (日本語)      한국 (한국어)      中国 (简体中文)      台灣 (繁體中文)      All other countries (English)             WORLDWIDE          Terms of Service   Privacy   Responsible Disclosure   Trust   Contact      © Copyright 2017 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States                               Apply Now  DevOps Engineer  at Scribd  (View all jobs)  San Francisco headquarters    Scribd  /skribbed/ (n).   a tech company changing the way the world reads  a membership that gives users access to the world’s largest online library of books, audiobooks, and sheet music   We value trying new things, craftsmanship, being an open book, and the people that make our team great.  Join us and build something meaningful.  About the Team  We’re responsible for keeping Scribd up, responsive, and secure. Our duties include configuration management with Chef, wrestling with tricky Rails bugs, big-data cluster wrangling with Hadoop, mitigating the logo-branded vulnerability du jour, wearing a DBA hat to the InnoDB rodeo, bomb-proofing the mad science lab that is our codebase and, very occasionally, sweeping up the pieces when everything blows up. (We don’t let that last happen often.)  We work on almost every part of our application stack, from the servers and storage through the databases and caches to the application itself. We write code ourselves, including deep in the guts of our product, and developers also come to us for technical guidance. You’ll not simply operate the systems, but be part of the system-building process from the start. We’ve all seen the “worked in dev, ops problem now” meme and reject that world-view.  We believe in continuously improving our skills and codebase, work/life balance, and doing things right over doing them fast. We’re looking for engineers who share these views and are interested in contributing their knowledge, skills, and sound technical judgement to a growing engineering organization. In return, we offer interesting problems, plenty of opportunity to influence key technical decisions, and the chance to top the office pinball high score table.  Our tools and technologies   Linux (primarily CentOS)  Ruby (our core codebase is Rails), but with projects in Go and Scala too  Chef  MySQL (Percona), HBase and Elasticsearch  Hadoop, Hive and Spark, all fed via Kafka  Nagios, Graphite and Grafana  Nginx, HAProxy and Varnish, to serve our content to the wider world   Haven’t worked with precisely the same set of technologies we use, but you’ve used something broadly similar? No problem! We’re just as happy to talk FreeBSD or commiserate with your AIX and pains as we are to chat about CentOS.  About the Role  You will   Develop, operate, and troubleshoot the systems that keep Scribd alive and fast  Build, maintain and extend our automation. Quelling robot uprisings strictly optional  Pioneer, evaluate, and deploy new technologies for the entire engineering organization  Work in partnership with your peers on the product engineering teams  Be part of an on-call rotation with other members of the DevOps team  Work independently within a team environment to prioritize workload   About you   Local candidates are great, but the DevOps team is open to remote candidates and those looking relocate  3-5+ years professional experience in an Engineering, Technical Operations, or DevOps role  Professional experience with at least part of our tech stack, but not necessarily every piece   Why we work here   We are located in downtown San Francisco, just a few minutes’ walk from BART  100% employer covered Medical/Dental/Vision for regular, full time employees  We have a small budget for our employees to attend conferences, classes, and other events  We have a lot of trust with very little bureaucracy  Three meals a day, catered from local restaurants  Coffee and tea runs every afternoon  Apple laptops and Thunderbolt displays  Company events that include monthly happy hours and offsites (past events include Safari West, Stinson Beach, ski trips, etc.)  In  the  meantime,  check  out  our  office  and  meet  some  of  the  team  on  The  Muse ! https://www.themuse.com/companies/scribd   Scribd values diversity, and we make all hiring and employment decisions based on merit, qualifications, competence, talent, and contribution, not who you are by choice or circumstance. We value the people who make Scribd a great place to work and strive to create an environment where your work is supported and personhood respected.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Why are you interested in this role at Scribd?       Have you worked on a 24/7 on-call schedule before?       Please tell us about your experience working on a product with rapid/continuous release         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Scribd are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                             Tests    How to order    Resources    Technology    Support    FOR PATIENTS                      Sign In   Tests       Invitae tests   Panels & genes  Exome  Proactive health screens     Follow-up testing   Re-requisition  Family variant testing  VUS resolution     Frequently ordered panels   Invitae Common Hereditary Cancers Panel  Invitae Breast Cancer STAT Panel  Invitae Aortopathy Comprehensive Panel  Invitae Epilepsy Panel      Panels & genes  Exome  Proactive health screens  Re-requisition  Family variant testing  VUS resolution  Invitae Common Hereditary Cancers Panel  Invitae Breast Cancer STAT Panel  Invitae Aortopathy Comprehensive Panel  Invitae Epilepsy Panel      How to order       Getting started   Start an order  How to place an order  Request a kit     Essentials   Forms  Billing information  Specimen requirements     Sponsored programs   Behind the Seizure  Alnylam Act  Uncovering Periodic Paralysis      Start an order  How to place an order  Request a kit  Forms  Billing information  Specimen requirements  Behind the Seizure  Alnylam Act  Uncovering Periodic Paralysis      Resources       Clinical resources   Clinical support services  Genetics Resource Hub  Family History Tool  CancerGene Connect     Educational materials   Brochures & patient guides  Papers & presentations  Webinars  Blog: Perspectives in Genetics     Working together   Solutions for biopharma companies  Solutions for advocacy partners  Patient Insights Network      Clinical support services  Genetics Resource Hub  Family History Tool  CancerGene Connect  Brochures & patient guides  Papers & presentations  Webinars  Blog: Perspectives in Genetics  Solutions for biopharma companies  Solutions for advocacy partners  Patient Insights Network      Technology       Our technology   Assay  Variant classification  Methodology & validation studies     A new gold standard   Quality  Clinical actionability     Data sharing   Clinvitae - variant search      Assay  Variant classification  Methodology & validation studies  Quality  Clinical actionability  Clinvitae - variant search      Support   FOR PATIENTS  CONTACT  FAQs / SUPPORT                MENU              You have  0 genes in your order  Proceed to order   Your cart is empty           Your cart ( 0 )       Remove all     Add more genes  Proceed to order           Added to cart          View cart ( 0 genes in cart)   Add more genes  Proceed to order        Sign In  Sign Up              Help us improve healthcare for everyone.  Our team is making genetic information accessible to all.                We have lots to do.  Invitae envisions a world in which genetics informs our routine healthcare decisions. We are committed to making high-quality genetic testing accessible to patients everywhere.  Invitae is driven by bright, innovative people who are passionate about using their skills to improve people’s lives. If you’re inspired by the challenge of unlocking the potential of genetic information to make healthcare better for everyone, we invite you to join our team.  View Open Positions                I'm passionate about scientific discovery at Invitae because it means more answers for more
                            people about their health. No one should have to ask "Can I afford to take this test?" Sarah McCalmon,  Invitae Scientist           Benefits and perks.     Great people  Join a dedicated and passionate team.    Strong compensation package  We offer competitive salaries and equity in a rapidly growing company.    Complete health coverage  Take advantage of comprehensive benefits including health, dental, and vision.    Time to take care of yourself and your family  Have peace of mind with unlimited sick days and an excellent family leave policy.      Work-life balance  We trust you to get your job done, we don’t track vacation days, and we offer flexible working hours.    We make it easy to come to work  We offer free parking, a commuter stipend, and opportunities to work from home.    The tools you need to get your job done  Select the computer and accessories that are right for you.    Professional development  Everyone at Invitae has the opportunity to attend or present at an industry conference or event.                                                                 Invitae does not accept third party agency resumes or profiles. Any unsolicited resumes or profiles without an agreement in place become the property of Invitae, and Invitae is not responsible for any fees should a candidate be subsequently hired or placed within the company.            The company   About Invitae  Team  Investors  Careers     In the news   Newsroom  Events     Learn more   Terms  Privacy  Licensing  Contact     Language      Spanish      Portuguese                © Invitae Corporation. All rights reserved.                                   Front End Engineer San Francisco California Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Imagine a world where every car where there’s a smartphone is safer, where massive amounts of data and insights makes cities safer and reduce insurance costs for everyone. Zendrive is executing rapidly on its mission of “making all ground transportation safer using data and analytics” and is focused on building products to support the evolution of transportation. We are looking for a Front End Software Engineer with 2-3 years experience programming with Modern Javascript Frameworks - like React, Angular or Ember. If you are passionate about writing code that may run on millions of devices, creating a rock solid technology that will save lives and you will not give up until the code is best in class, then Zendrive is the place for you. Responsibilities: Work closely with our product team to craft the next iteration of Zendrive’s front end products and applications Partner closely with the design in creating gorgeous, rich and modern web experiences Leverage your past successes in helping guide the future of our web properties Help us build an amazing continuous integration environment Basic Qualifications Proactive and passionate attitude Good communication skills Obsessive about writing tests for modern code Basic knowledge of visual design tools; such as: Zeplin, Sketch or Photoshop. Strong analytical and numeric skills Minimum 2 years of Modern Javascript Frameworks including Single Page Applications and client/API architecture Minimum 2 years of application design and development including Responsive Web Applications with deep expertise in one of the following technologies – React, AngularJS, and Ember Minimum 2 years of experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as git, GitHub, Jira, Jenkins, or equivalents Minimum 2 years of Experience with agile development (Kanban, Scrum, etc.) Preferred Qualifications Minimum 1 years of API development using tools like Postman Minimum 6 months experience with Firebase Minimum 3 years of experience in JavaScript Minimum 1 years of experience with testing using TDD or BDD with 1 or more testing frameworks (e.g. Mocha/Chai, Jasmine) Minimum 1 years of experience in any of the following languages or technologies: Java, Groovy, Ruby, PHP, or Python Experience with Responsive Design frameworks, preferably with Bootstrap or Zurb Foundation Experience in developing high performing client-side applications Knowledge of CSS preprocessors (SASS, LESS or Stylus) Knowledge of what works in specific browsers. Responsive CSS (Mobile First, Bootstrap), Semantic HTML and HTML5, JS based languages such as Coffeescript and Typescript Strong preference for a design or engineering bachelor’s degree Why join us? We thought you'd never ask! We offer all the usual stuff: competitive salary, medical/dental insurance, meals on site, gym and Spotify membership, top of the line equipment and compelling early stage equity. But the real perks are: - Challenging and fun work on meaningful problems - you'll never have a boring day at the office. - World-class team of engineers and researchers who love solving tough problems. - The opportunity to work on a problem that aims to improve the lives of everyone and will make a meaningful, positive impact on the world (while building a multi-billion dollar business). - The chance to develop lasting business relationships by helping build our growing set of partners. Apply for this job Zendrive Home Page Jobs powered by         COOKIES ON OUR WEBSITE We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Robert Walters website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. To find out more, please view our privacy policy .       x                              Jobs     Accounting, Finance & Business Operations     Banking & Financial Services     Legal & Compliance     Product, Data & Design     Marketing, Business Development & Sales     Software Engineering       Career Advice     Hiring     About Us     Robert Walters San Francisco     Robert Walters New York       Contact Us          My Account     Sign up    Sign in     Follow us:    LinkedIn     Facebook     Twitter     YouTube                                    JOB DETAILS           Homepage              Location  California  District of Columbia  Louisiana  Massachusetts  Minnesotta  Mississippi  Missouri  New Hampshire  New York  North Carolina  Ohio  Oklahoma  Other  Pennsylvania  South Carolina  Toronto  Virginia  West Virginia  Wisconsin   Search for jobs           Select Geolocation Variant                VP of Engineering - Mission Driven - Web Consumer / Payments       Salary  Negotiable    Location  San Francisco    Consultant  Alfonso Tiscareno    JobRef  967810    Date posted  November 10, 2017     An exceptional opportunity as a VP of Engineering has opened up at an exciting mission driven start-up in the fundraising space based in San Francisco. You should be an experienced leader with the ability to help progress the company through its next stage of growth. Reporting directly to the CEO, you will run an agile development team, working on exciting and meaningful web & mobile applications for consumers.  You will be instrumental in furthering the evolution of our client architecture to a heterogeneous mix of open-source technologies including React, Node, Bootstrap, ES6, and LESS on the frontend and a microservices-based architecture utilizing .NET APIs, SQL Server, Redis and Elastic on the backend, among other best of breed technologies.  You should have experience with payments, security or social media integrations to be successful in this position.    Key Responsibilities:   Lead, manage, and coach a team of 12 engineers across front-end, back-end, QA, and DevOps  Recruit top notch talent and lead hiring efforts for the team, with a focus on scaling capacity and improving speed, quality, and efficiency over time  Serve as a key member of the leadership team  Plan the architecture and technology roadmap for the entire site, clearly communicating it out to both the engineering team and to non-technical members of the leadership team  Research and evolve the product, utilizing the latest and greatest social and payments experiences  Collaborate with the product team and key company stakeholders, helping them decompose their projects into concrete units of work for the development team  Manage a suite of vendors, contractors, and consultants at your discretion  Manage daily scrums and the bi-weekly agile processes, ensuring continuous delivery against a planned release schedule      Qualifications:   A proven track record of successful release management and team management  Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively, with strong written and verbal communication skills  Experience scaling architecture tiers and load testing to meet demand  Experience actively running a production website and/or mobile app  Experience managing a team of 10+ multi-disciplinary engineers through continuous review cycles providing positive, candid, and effective feedback and coaching  Experience dealing with security, infrastructure, and deployment concerns  Experience with deployment models and automated CI tools  Can show clear growth drivers, individually contributed that led to past success  Ability to work collaboratively with team leads and development personnel to get the job completed      Get in touch     Alfonso Tiscareno  14155492000  alfonso.tiscareno@robertwalters.com        Apply  1134910  1134910            Share                                                    Sitemap   Home  About Us  Hiring  News  Contact Us                                                     Key content   Investors  Feedback  Legal Disclaimer  Privacy Policy  Accessibility  Careers               Local offices   San Francisco  New York               Countries we operate in   Africa  Australia  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  China  France  Germany  Hong Kong  Indonesia  Ireland  Japan  Korea  Luxembourg  Malaysia  Middle East  New Zealand  Philippines  Portugal  Singapore  South Africa  Spain  Switzerland  Taiwan  Thailand  The Netherlands  United Kingdom  United States  Vietnam                           Apply Now  Software Engineer, Data Storage  at Fitbit  (View all jobs)  US - Boston, US - San Francisco    At Fitbit, our mission is to help people lead healthier, more active lives by empowering them with data, inspiration and guidance to reach their goals.  We started our journey in 2007—as a team of two with one big idea. Today, that idea has become a movement.  is now a publicly-traded company creating award-winning products and services that are available across the globe. We’re transforming the way the world sees health & fitness. In fact, the Fitbit Community has taken enough steps to walk from the Sun to Pluto.  Our culture combines the spirit of startup with the perks of being public—offering a competitive benefits package and amazing perks like free lunches, Friday happy hours, on-site fitness classes and more. As part of our team, you’ll have the opportunity to grow your career, contribute your ideas to life-changing products and services, and—above all—have fun doing it.  Fitbit’s HQ campus is made up of three modern buildings located at the heart of SOMA in San Francisco. Monday-Friday you can feast your eyes on amazing views of the skyline, then feast yourself on some of the city’s best food trucks, lunch spots and coffee shops. When you’ve had your fill, lace up and make your way to the Ferry Building for the perfect post-work run or walk along the water (with the Bay Bridge as your backdrop)!  Think you’ve found your fit? See what we’re looking for below and apply today.  About the Data Storage Engineering team:  The Data Storage Team is responsible for the core data storage infrastructure at Fitbit. Our mission is to build scalable systems that reliably and efficiently manage Fitbit’s data.  We research, build and maintain horizontally scalable data storage systems and services to provide easy way to store any data for building various product features. We are constantly revising storage requirements as well as planning capacity to ensure that we can support our rapidly growing user base.  Additionally, we help other engineering teams apply best practices in using and building efficient storage solutions.  What You’ll Work On   Core data storage infrastructure including sharding system, id generation, time series service, data migration frameworks  Design, evaluate, build and deploy real-time data storage systems and services for user facing features  Provide consulting for other teams on how to best utilize our evolving data storage infrastructure  Scale our data storage systems to meet the growing demands of our ever increasing user base   Required Skills   5+ year experience as software engineer  Strong Java knowledge  Experience with relational databases (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc)  Experience with large-scale real-time distributed data storage systems (e.g. Cassandra, DynamoDB, Manhattan, etc)  Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms and framework internals  Ability to speak and write clearly and concisely  Ability to think creatively about solutions with a focus on the long term stability of our systems   Nice-to-Have Skills   Experience in HIbernate and Spring  Experience in building storage engines, especially for time series data  Experience with caching systems (e.g. Memcached, Redis)  Any experience in SOA, DBA, DevOps, SiteOps  Familiarity with asynchronous messaging systems (e.g. Kafka, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ)  Multi-DC, Active-Active systems, Geo-sharding   About our stack   Linux  Java, Python  Tomcat, Hibernate, Spring  MySQL, Neo4J, Cassandra, Kafka, ActiveMQ  Solr/Lucene, Elasticsearch  Memcached, Redis  JUnit, Selenium, Jenkins, Fabric          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Fitbit are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                     Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Principal Data Science    Source Coders ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 3 days ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Principal Data Science    Edit     Skill: Comptuer Scien,AI,machine leaning    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               Comptuer Scien , AI,machine leaning,          Contract Corp-To-Corp            $200K - $250K            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Principal Data Scientist  - Fintech Security Platform – Series A Start-Up – SF Cit y  Salary: $200,000 - $250,000 + equity Source Coders are proud to be working with one of the most innovative tech teams in the San Francisco Bay Area. Backed by an investment team that consists of founding members of PayPal and Venmo, this company is making headlines for all the right reasons.  We are on the lookout for the top-level Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineers with computer science and software engineering backgrounds.  The current team includes ex Google, Facebook and Square employees, all from top engineering schools such as M.I.T, Stanford and CalTech.   Expectations are that you have experience in the following;  A Computer Science / Software Engineering background from Tier 1 Technology company A Bachelors, Masters or Ph.D from one of the top Engineering schools Strong production experience developing Machine Learning Models Experience with multiple machine learning models (Random Forrest, SciKitLearn or similar) Understanding of PySpark, Numpy or similar  Bonus if you have:  Experience in payments or security Understanding of CI, DevOps in A.I capacity   Principal Data Scientist  - Fintech Security Platform – Series A Start-Up – SF Cit y       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Dee Byars  5315 Colodny Drive, Unit 9
				
				
					
						Agoura Hills, CA, 91301  Contact               Source Coders,     Dice Id : 90973445    Position Id : 10312      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Principal Data Science  Source Coders | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Principal Data Science  Source Coders | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Principal Data Science with Source Coders through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Principal Data Science  Source Coders         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site            US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1B candidates. Please No Consultants, Full time experience ONLY. My client a successful and well-known company that is the silent partner and driving force for the applications we use today is looking for a Senior Software Architect to join their fast-growing operation in San Fran. To tell you about the company, they are taking the world by storm. Some of the largest companies and the most popular applications are their clients and their invisible service is what keeps them and us online. This startup, less than a decade old has crushed their competition and continue to grow larger each day. They have over 2000 customers worldwide connecting over 300 million devices. Some clients of their clients include Lyft, Yahoo!, Adobe, HubSpot!, CBS, Yelp and more. In this position, you would be working with a small team, that it is looking to rapidly expand in size in the next year. As a main contributor on infrastructure, development and architecture you will have the opportunity to shape their product and freedom to help lead them to an even higher level of success. As an Architect, you would be directly responsible for championing design, design patterns, software and technologies; adopting and adapting frameworks and services used and/or needed by the current system and forward-looking roadmap. Specifically, your tech stack will include Python, C, Go, Varnish, Docker, Kubernetes, Cassandra, MongoDB, Reddis, NoSQL for caching, Cloud Formation, EC2, S3, ElasticSearch, DynamoDB, Terraform, Docker, Mesos, RDS and we are Linux based. They ae using mostly AWS but a little Google Cloud as well. The salary and benefits for this position is very competitive up to $180K depending on experience (if you are making more don’t count yourself out we will make it work). This opportunity also includes a very generous Equity package . My client believes in compensating their employees for their hard work by making sure you are appreciated not only financially but also on all levels within your career. As an employee at this company you are a key member of the team, and will have input from day 1. This company believes in elevating their employees and that’s why their engineers are so happy today =) Your workplace locale will be a clean, new office, located centrally in SoMA District. Our office provides you a trendy and accommodating environment. The office is an open floor plan giving everyone the opportunity to work together. There is a “Hackathon” space with a ping pong table and beer keg. This is also where all events take place. They enjoy hosting monthly events and meetups. What I love most about this company is their management team and culture. The CEO/ Founder has an open-door policy. Whatever is on you mind you can take it to him. They believe in career growth, learning, taking risks. If you want to jump on a second project, if you want to learn something new, this management team will support you in your decision. What sweetens the pot is your fellow colleagues will be just as friendly and just as supportive. This isn’t just a tech company, this is a family. In regards to how you start the day the team is usually in the office by 10 am. The dress code is super causal including jeans, t-shirts, something simple. You will have a fully stocked kitchen and three catered lunches buffet style each week. They have a whiteboard in the kitchen if you have a request write it down, they will make sure to buy your favorite snacks. Your benefits are all top of the line including numerous health care options up to 100% employer paid health. The companies you can choose from are Aetna, Kaiser and Blue Cross Blue Shield. The Dental insurance is under Delta and vision under VSP. They have a transportation benefit package. They offer a free gym membership to Crunch gym where most of the team goes. If you choose to go somewhere else you will receive $60 towards your gym membership each month. Each quarter the company with host a quarterly company event. What that means it’s time for some fun. They have taken rafting trips, camping trips, rented out theme parks, wen to sporting events, had cookouts and the list goes on. Not only will you love your position but you will love your team. My client is and has been profitable since inception and grows to be more successful each day. In regards to company size, it is still a pretty small team and looking to double in size over the next year. Currently there are three separate teams. The first team is the Core team that is the company’s backbone. This consists of six software architects and one DevOps. The second team does more of backend services. They have six engineers and one DevOps engineer. Our final team is the full stack team is made up of seven engineering and one DevOps engineer. Lastly, there are two engineering managers, an engineering director and the CTO. That sums up engineering. I’m sure you’re wondering about the tech stack used here. The front-end is written in Angular.JS and React.JS. The back-end is a combination of Python and C. Node distributed systems. The databases used are NoSQL Databases including Cassandra and MongoDB. They are Linux based and use AWS for majority of their cloud services, they use a little Azzure and Google cloud too. Some of the data tools include Kafka, Spark and more. DevOps is using Redis, ElasticSearch, RDS, Cloudformation, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes and Mesos. To go a little further, this engineering environment is agile. The team is doing TDD (test driven development) and they use continuous integration continuous deployment. Are you ready to be a part of a world class team making history… if so apply now =) Required Skills: Bachelors of Computer Science Degree Expert knowledge of Cloud Computing Architectures 5+ years experience designing and developing server components and APIs Strong programming and design pattern fundamentals Deep expertise with Python and/ or C Expert knowledge of networking concepts, network protocols and security Hands-on experience with: Micro service architecture Data framework and databases Messaging systems Could systems Continuous integration/ Continuous deployment Desire product ownership and a need to progress professionally Experience with massively scaling Python and C based components. Pluses: Leadership experience Entrepreneurial spirit Worked in a fast-paced organization Fast paced Startup experience The Offer: Competitive Salary: up to $180k, DOE Options Employee paid health plans (HMO or PPO) Fast Paced, long term growth Paid vacation Competitive raise structure US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1b candidates. Job Type: Full-time Job Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Cloud Computing Architectures: 5 years Micro service architecture, databases, CI/CD: 5 years      Apply Now  Platform Operations Engineer  at Cloudflare  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    About Us  At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today, Cloudflare runs one of the world’s largest distributed networks that powers more than 1.5 trillion pageviews each month across 5 million Internet properties. More than 10 percent of all global Internet requests flow through Cloudflare’s network. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code.  Our customers range from Fortune 500 companies and nonprofits to small businesses and budding entrepreneurs. Every day, about 12,000 new customers sign up. We’re working to create a faster, more secure, and more reliable experience for anyone online and given the scale at which we operate, our mission is big. Our team is hard at work shaping the future of the Internet by solving some of its toughest challenges. Come join us.  About the Department  Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles about 10% of HTTP requests on the Internet today. We also build and run the internal tools that builds and runs our software. The Engineering Team is split into two groups: one handles product development and the other handles operations. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base. The operations team handles one of the world’s largest networks with data centers in 102 cities worldwide.  Responsibilities  We are looking for an outstanding Platform Operations Engineer to join our Platform Operations team. This team of talented engineers shapes the very way Cloudflare delivers it services, providing the operational platform upon which we deliver services to our customers. Here at Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to build a better Web. We believe that with our talented team, smart technology, and engaged users, we can solve some of the biggest problems on the Web. Just how big?   We handle more than 10% of the world’s Internet traffic  We have over 8 Tbps of network transit capacity  We serve more web traffic than Twitter, Amazon, Apple, Instagram, Bing, & Wikipedia combined  Anytime we push code, it immediately affects over 200 million web surfers  Every day, more than 10,000 new customers sign-up for Cloudflare service  Every week, the average Internet user touches us more than 500 times  We serve data from over 100 data centers around the world   In this role, you will work with a team with diverse backgrounds, but everyone will have experience operating production environments at-scale, and be domain knowledge experts in operations best-practices. Many of the engineers on this team have software-development backgrounds. However, our Platform Operations team is not just a ‘DevOps’ group; this team builds fault-tolerant, highly automated and resilient services.  You thrive in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment and have experience delivering scalable distributed systems. You are comfortable switching between “builder” and “operator” paradigms, and routinely reconcile discrepancies between the two via automation. Most importantly, you will have a track record of building outstanding systems and software.  Requirements    Hands-on experience building production platform environments.    Experience developing software in Go, Python or C/C++    Experience developing complicated, enterprise-grade software projects    Direct experience building and managing distributed systems    Strong knowledge of core Internet protocols (e.g. HTTP, DNS)    Strong knowledge of databases, web performance, and web security    Extremely knowledgeable about infrastructure environments and thrive on building and expanding capacity    Agile experience in an infrastructure environment is not required, but an understanding of agile and an ability to think agile is required    Desirable Skills    Formal computer science background (BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent)    Practical experiencing deploying and managing internetworking equipment, including switches, routers and firewalls    Practical knowledge of Internet transit, including BGP and AnyCast    What Makes Us Special  We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet. In 2014, we launched Project Galileo, an initiative through which we partner with global NGOs to identify websites at risk of attack and provide the same state-of-the-art mitigation technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost. Project Galileo equips politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work.  Additionally, in 2016, we announced our partnership with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization that works with companies to create 18-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one. With the lofty goal of shaping the future of the Internet, we’re focused on recruiting the best and the brightest, no matter what.  Cloudflare is a security company. A successful background check is required for employment.  Cloudflare hires the best people based on an evaluation of their abilities and effectiveness.  We don't discriminate against employees on the basis of any other personal characteristic or any classification protected by federal, state or local law.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    GitHub Account Link       LinkedIn Profile (Optional)       Personal Website or Blog (Optional)                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Very Good Security (“VGS”) provides an agile and efficient way for businesses to secure and utilize their sensitive data. Founded by highly successful serial entrepreneurs and backed by world-class investors and top tier VCs, VGS is building an amazing global team. As a young and growing company, we’re laser focused on delighting our customers and hiring talented and entrepreneurial-minded individuals to help us to secure the world's data. We are looking for a seasoned DevOps Engineer who has practical experience with secure network environments. The successful candidate will own, oversee, scale and improve our infrastructure while finding creative and pragmatic solutions for automating development and testing environments. Technologies we use AWS Java, Python, Go, Ruby Jenkins, CircleCi PostgreSQL Ansible Docker Kubernetes Distributed, log based architecture What you'll do Bridge the gap between Development and Ops by reducing uncertainties of release and change. It also brings down risk factors involved in various stages of release management i.e. Build, Deploy, Test, and Continuous Improvement. Analyse performance and capacity for all components in the engineering lab environments. Evaluate advancements in DevOps, new infrastructure and tools; look for ways to bring more effectiveness and efficiency. What we expect Good understanding of distributed web application architecture. Solid experience managing cloud infrastructure (AWS is a priority). Working understanding of the programming languages, such as Bash, Python, Go, and Java. Continuous Integration experience (Jenkins, CircleCi). Experience with PostgreSQL. Experience with IT Automation Tools (Ansible). Virtualization and Orchestration experience (Docker, Kubernetes). Previous experience working within secure environments a huge plus. Benefits and perks Highly subsidized individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage Company sponsored 401k plan Market competitive compensation package Monthly wellness stipend Generous vacation policy 12 company paid holidays Job Type: Full-timePosition Overview: We're looking for a highly talented DevOps Engineer to join our tech team. Do you think you're the ideal candidate? Then you are obsessed with automation, configuration management, cloud computing, and uptime. You have years of experience working with highly available Linux Systems running on VMWare and in public clouds like AWS. You are passionate about working with development engineers to get more done faster with less effort using technologies like Chef and Docker, along with continuous delivery tools like Jenkins. For this position, you should have good communication skills and enjoy working both on individual tasks and as part of a team of engineers working to solve problems in rapidly changing environment. Key skills we’re looking for include: Expert-level knowledge of Linux systems with 10+ years of professional experience 2+ years of DevOps or development experience in similar environments Very strong experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Strong experience with Chef (preferred), Puppet, Ansible, or similar tools. Significant scripting experience in Ruby, Bash, or similar Clear and confident interpersonal and communications skills Ability to make quick decisions as well as thoughtful, well researched plans Track record with researching, implementing and improving a range of technologies Ability to act as an escalation point and mentor for others on your team Significant professional experience in 24x7 enterprise environments Pluses include: Networking Experience, preferably with Cisco Routers and firewalls and Cisco and Arista switches Experience with VMWare 5+ Experience with EMC SAN devices and/or Network Attached Storage Job Type: Contract Job Location: San Francisco, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Linux: 10 years AWS: 3 years Chef: 2 years VMWare 5+: 1 year Devops: 2 years Puppet: 1 year scripting: 2 years Required license or certification: W2        All jobs → Software Engineer   Software Engineer  Berkeley, California, United States · Engineering   Description Kloudless’ mission is to make it easy for companies to integrate their products with software applications. From Dropbox and Salesforce to Slack and Google Apps, our unified APIs enable companies to connect their products to business stacks quickly, saving them valuable time and effort.  We’re looking to hire our first engineers at our Berkeley offices, other than the founding team. You will be expected to work independently within a small team of cross-functional engineers. We are looking for candidates who can take the initiative on application architecture, development, and product roadmap. Requirements Your Responsibilities  Work with a variety of technologies to build the best experience around the leading API integration platform.   Keep yourself and others accountable to coding standards and best practices such as DRY and KISS principles.  Make smart decisions from design and architecture all the way to implementation, testing, and release.  Own your part of the stack and make a positive contribution to the rest.  Minimum Technical Requirements   Extensive experience with HTTP APIs, web services, and web application development.  Strong grasp of the software development lifecycle, and experience developing applications with a modern general purpose programming language such as Python, Ruby, JavaScript, Java, C# or similar.  Comfortable using tools in a Linux environment such as SSH, git, text editors, and working with a terminal in general. DevOps experience preferred.  Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills.   General Requirements   An entrepreneurial mindset. Eager to join a dynamic, fast-paced, startup environment, and take the initiative building the Kloudless platform.  Confident in coming up with innovative solutions, and challenging the status quo. Can make quick decisions based on a variety of business or product demands.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.   About Kloudless Kloudless is building the future for how companies and developers handle the increasing number of APIs they need to interact with. Thousands of APIs provide data and functionality that are useful to businesses, but each API is completely different and presents a unique set of integration challenges.  We are passionate about building toward a world where engineers at other companies spend their time working on their core product instead of building and maintaining API integrations. Our small, talented team provides integration solutions to thousands of developers and processes millions of API requests per day. We come from a variety of technical backgrounds and are each experts in our domains, with past experience at IBM, NASA JPL, Blackberry, and Check Point Software. Benefits  Competitive compensation and stock option plan.  Competitive benefits package including medical, vision, dental, and life insurance.  Paid time off whenever you need it, with flexibility to work from home.  Free snacks and drinks in the office.  Team-wide outings, lunches, and dinners.  Dog-friendly office. (woof!)  Opportunity and autonomy to make a huge impact as an early hire!     Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Kloudless website  Powered by Workable           Apply Now  Sr. Software Engineer - Cloud Services  at Twilio  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA or Mountain View, CA    The Twilio platform enables companies to integrate communications directly into their applications via simple cloud APIs and with on-demand global reach.  Twilio is therefore challenged with abstracting away a world of complexity so that our customers can go global without concern for managing a global communications network, carrier integrations and relationships throughout the world.  About the job:  As a member of our communications teams you will implement real-time voice services based on protocols such as SIP, RTP and WebRTC.  To take it to scale, you will be developing a complex distributed platform with points of presence globally and will be concerned with availability, throughput, latency, media fidelity as well as real-time considerations. There will be a significant data component so you will be working with distributed SQL and NoSQL databases and caches.  At the core are cloud technologies that enable deployment and management of computing resources globally.  Responsibilities:   Collaborate with Product Managers, Architects and Engineering leaders to define, architect and build new customer-facing features.  Own, operate, and maintain your team’s services in a distributed production environment. Employ Agile methodologies to continuously deliver value to customers.  Drive quality by writing unit, functional, load and performance tests.  Work closely with DevOps engineers to ensure services are reliable, scalable, manageable and supportable.  Develop diagnostic and troubleshooting tools made available via our developer portal and to our customer support organization.  Excel as an engineer and be a productive member of the team where leadership is a behavioral trait, not a title.  Lead architecture, design and code reviews as well as mentor junior engineers.   Requirements:   Minimum 5 years hands-on experience developing and scaling complex distributed systems based on Java, C++ or .NET technologies.  You are an expert in at least one web stack and framework.  Extensive experience scaling production backend systems.  You can design and develop horizontally-scalable, resilient and performing-under-load systems.  You have scaled data tiers employing a variety of SQL/NoSQL database and caching technologies.  Hands on experience with cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services, OpenStack or Azure.  Master of agile processes, continuous integration and test automation.  Capable of operating from conception through continuous operation of 24x7 services.  Ideally, you have experience in a production DevOps environment.   If you are not experienced in communications, no worries, you will learn.  We are seeking engineers who have solved complex problems at scale and have the aptitude to navigate uncharted waters.  About us:  Twilio makes communications easy and powerful. With Twilio's platform, businesses can make communications relevant and contextual by embedding real-time communication and authentication capabilities directly into their software applications. Twilio gives businesses the ability to innovate, prototype, create, and connect with their customers at the right time and in the right way. Founded in 2008, Twilio is a public company based in San Francisco, California with other offices around the world.    Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status and operate in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. #LI-POST         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Which office are you applying for? *     Please select San Francisco  Mountain View  Either    Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    How did you hear about Twilio and this job? *        Include a link to an application (or two!) that you’ve built using Twilio. Bonus points for pointing out bugs or things that annoyed you/could be better about the platform.       LinkedIn Profile       Website         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Twilio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Subscriptions Profile Company Admin Sign out About Cisco   AppDynamics is now part of Cisco  Learn More Product Product Features Overview  Application Performance Management  End-User Monitoring  Business Performance Monitoring APP iQ PLATFORM Visibility and dashboards for managing application, customer experience, and business performance LEARN MORE Pricing Overview FAQ Solutions Use Cases DevOps Monitoring Business Performance Microservices Cloud Migration Continuous Delivery Cloud Monitoring For Developers Java .Net PHP Node.js C++ Python Apache Web Server Go Security and Availability Business Transactions Extensibility Industry Financial Services Government Healthcare Insurance Retail Media and Entertainment Telecom Role IT Operations CIO App Development Business Owner and Analyst Mobile Development CMO Resources Resources Overview Webinars Events Extensions AppDynamics University Community Documentation AppDynamics Essentials Getting Started Take a Guided Tour This quick guided tour walks you through AppDynamics APM’s industry-leading features and benefits Take a tour Customers See All Case Studies  RETAIL | Container Store  TECHNOLOGY | Cisco  Financial Services | Nasdaq Company Overview What is AppDynamics? Leadership Press Blog Partners Careers Contact Us Help & Support START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In Sign in Account Company Careers About Cisco   AppDynamics is now part of Cisco  Learn More START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In START FREE TRIAL  My Subscriptions  Log In  Product Product Features Overview  Application Performance Management  End-User Monitoring  Business Performance Monitoring APP iQ PLATFORM Pricing Overview  FAQ Solutions Use Cases DevOps  Monitoring Business Performance  Microservices  Cloud Migration  Continuous Delivery  Cloud Monitoring For Developers Java  .Net  PHP  Node.js  C++  Python  Apache Web Server  Go  Security and Availability  Business Transactions  Extensibility Industry Financial Services  Government  Healthcare  Insurance  Retail  Media and Entertainment  Telecom Role IT Operations  CIO  App Development  Business Owner and Analyst  Mobile Development  CMO Resources Resources Overview  Webinars  Events  Extensions  AppDynamics University  Community  Documentation  AppDynamics Essentials  Getting Started  Take a Guided Tour Customers See All Case Studies RETAIL | Container Store  TECHNOLOGY | Cisco  Financial Services | Nasdaq Company Overview  What is AppDynamics?  Leadership  Press  Blog  Partners  Careers  Contact Us Help & Support  Sign in Account Subscriptions  Profile  Sign out Company Careers  Sorry, iframes are not supported. Quick Links Product Pricing Solutions Company Careers Partners Supply Chain Transparency AppDynamics Read more about how AppDynamics Integrated Network Visibility can help facilitate collaboration between teams and b… https://t.co/au7ue4vla8 3 days, 6 hours ago See more from @AppDynamics > Latest from the Blog Subscribe to the AppDynamics Blog Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form Trending Topics What is AppDynamics? Breaking Down IoT Introducing Business iQ Cloud Migration Gartner Magic Quadrant (APM) Build and Scale Microservices About Cisco & AppDynamics Help Community Support Portal Documentation Resources Contact Us Copyright © 2009 - 2017 AppDynamics. All Rights Reserved. English (UK)  English (USA)  Deutsche  Français  日本語  English (USA) Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Security                           Skip Navigation    Gap Inc Careers   Mobile Menu     MENU   Home  About Us   Leadership  Benefits  Innovation & Growth  Global Sustainability  History  commitment to Equal Pay  Diversity & Inclusion    Featured Job Areas   Marketing  Design  Merchandising  Inventory Management and Planning  Production  Stores  Supply Chain and Product Operations  Technology and Digital   U.S.  India     College Students and Recent Grads  Blog    Brands   Gap Inc.  GAP  Banana Republic  Old Navy  Athleta  Intermix  Weddington Way      Global Locations  Saved Jobs  Log In   External Candidates  Internal Applicants                  Search   Search   Keyword     Location      Radius  Radius  5 miles  15 miles  25 miles  35 miles  50 miles     Search          Job Details     Senior Manager, Cloud Execution Services  TWO FOLSOM San Francisco, California  94105   JOB#: 214509  DATE POSTED: 
            Sep. 21, 2017  JOB STATUS: Full-time   Apply  Save Job Remove Job    GapTech is the engine behind Gap Inc.’s mission to be the world’s favorite for American style. Our technologists are driving retail technology innovation, e-commerce for all Gap Inc.’s brands and delivering global, scalable, cloud-based solutions using best in class platforms. Reimagining retail has never been more fun! The Cloud Engineering team is driving an exciting transformation of the way software is developed, validated and deployed globally at GapTech, using principles of Cloud-Native, DevOps and Continuous Delivery. The Sr Manager of Cloud Execution Services will lead the cloud center of excellence to enable application teams on their journey to cloud-native modernization. This can be through guidance, blueprints and embedding cloud engineers. Essential Functions: Recruit into, mentor and manage a lean cloud execution engineering team Asses and build a global presence when needed Upskill some promising systems engineering resources Engage proactively with product architects and development management to Lay out cloud transformation roadmaps Propose and prototype CaaS/PaaS based infrastructure solutions Work with development and project management to Scope and size cloud transformation work Embed cloud execution engineers to enable these efforts Keep cloud implementation consistent across teams Drive requirements into cloud management and enablement tooling Technology stack includes (but not limited to): FaaS: Azure Functions CaaS/PaaS: Cloud Foundry, Azure PaaS (HDInsight/Cosmos/DBaaS/Container Services, etc), Oracle BMCS PaaS (DBaaS/Managed Containers, etc) IaaS: Azure, Oracle Cloud, Openstack (on-prem), Chef Network: F5, Azure LBaaS (LB, GTM, etc), Oracle BMCS LBaaS, Cloud DMZ Key business metrics: GapTech feature lead time, infrastructure setup/operational costs Key consumer metrics: cloud adoption, cloud-native applications, devops teams Qualifications: BA/BS Degree in CS or related field + 8 years experience 3+ years leading engineering team(s) in: Enterprise adoption of cloud services (public and private) Hosting, managing production workloads on PaaS (Cloud Foundry, Heroku, etc.) CMS driven repeatable infrastructure (Chef, Puppet, etc.) Hosting and managing production workloads on containers preferred Non-Functional: Microservices, OO Design Patterns, TDD 5+ years working hands-on in: An Enterprise Linux environment Deploying applications/data stores/infrastructure to private and/or public cloud Infrastructure automation (Chef preferred) Developing cloud-native 12-factor applications preferred Demonstrable understanding of PaaS, CaaS, DevOps and Continuous Delivery Demonstrable ability and desire to thrive in a proactive, fast paced environment Hands-on application design and development background preferred    Apply           Learn About This Location      Share This Job   Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Email       Meet the tech team                Recently Viewed Jobs    You do not have any recently viewed jobs.     Sign Up for Gap Inc. Job Alerts   We're looking for talented people to work with us in our stores, headquarters, distribution centers, call centers and corporate offices.  Expand   Sign up here to get the latest job openings to your inbox.  All fields are required.  Close Job Alerts    Email Address Interested In Add category and/or location and click "add." Repeat for additional categories and locations. Job Category Select a Job Category Administrative & Secretary Architecture/Construction (Store Development) Athleta Banana Republic Communications & Government Affairs Customer Service/Call Center Design Facilities/Maintenance Finance Gap Gap Inc Gap Times Square General Management: HQ Human Resources Intermix Inventory Management/Planning Legal Logistics/Distribution Center Loss Prevention (HQ): Non-Agent/Management Loss Prevention (store): Agent/Service Representative Marketing / PR Merchandising/ Buying Mill Management Old Navy Old Navy Times Square Product Design Product Management Production/Pre-Production Real Estate Seasonal Sales Associate Shared Function Store Operations Store: Management Store: Sales Associate/Stock/Supervisor Strategic Sourcing Strategy Supply Chain Technical Technology/IT Times Square Vendor Management Visual Merchandising Weddington Way Location Add Gap Inc, San Francisco, California, United States Remove Technology/IT, San Francisco, California, United States Remove Remove   Confirm Email                              GET YOUR RESUME NOTICED  Our recruiters share five secrets for getting your resume noticed.  Learn More           SUSTAINABILITY  We’re working hard to make our business more sustainable by setting bold goals and partnering with others to change our industry for the better.  Learn More           Committed to Inclusion  At Gap Inc., we are open for business for everyone. There’s still more work to do, but our core values of equality, diversity and inclusion are always in style. We’re proud to be ranked second out of 6,000 in Thomson Reuters global index.  Learn More                         Follow Gap Inc.  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube  LinkedIn      Follow  Life at Gap Inc.       GAP  Banana Republic  Old Navy  Athleta  Intermix  Weddington Way  Gap Inc.      Jobs by Category  Jobs by Location     Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status.   Contact Us  Terms of Use  Privacy Policy  Help   2017 © Gap Inc. All rights reserved                          Apply Now  Senior Data Engineer  at TaskRabbit  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    About TaskRabbit  Each day brings more chores and less time to accomplish them. Whether someone needs a handyman, house cleaner, mover or delivery person, TaskRabbit delights clients by matching the right skilled person in minutes. With our support, our customers can accomplish it all not only today, but also on-demand to be their most productive self. On the other side of the marketplace we help our Taskers earn a living by setting their own prices, defining their working hours, and giving them control to help people when and how they want in the most supportive marketplace.  We're a mission-driven company.  Our culture is collaborative, pragmatic and fast-paced.  We're looking for talented, entrepreneurially minded and data-driven people who also have a passion for helping people do what they love - and having a ton of fun while they're at it. Join us and help revolutionize everyday work.  About the Role  You will be a member of the Data Group: Data Engineering, Data Science, and Data Analytics. We are a force multiplier, owning the data, analysis, and knowledge infrastructure that enables ourselves and our teammates to move faster and smarter.  The Data Engineering team is part of the TaskRabbit technical staff, but is separate from the Product Engineering team and sets its own goals and priorities.  Data Engineering collaborates directly with Product Engineering, DevOps, Marketing, and Operations.  Responsibilities  1) Own the core data engineering infrastructure  Currently, our production and analytics systems are hosted in AWS. Key existing components are:   MySQL datawarehouse in Aurora  ElasticSearch cluster for event data  Looker UI on top of Aurora  Homegrown ETL tool(s)   As more people use TaskRabbit, we are outgrowing some of our data infrastructure, especially when it comes to event streaming. You will have the opportunity to radically alter, evolve and improve our data infrastructure, bringing in new tools and technologies to help us scale.  A Senior Data Engineer is expected to have wide-ranging experience with ETL tools, SQL and NoSQL databases, AWS, and big-data systems (ideally the Hadoop ecosystem).  2) Coordinating and collaborating with Product Managers, Software Architects, and DevOps to ensure that the TaskRabbit data infrastructure plays nice with production systems and scales alongside.  3) Team leadership and mentoring  Initially, as the Data Engineering team starts, there is plenty of opportunity for individual contribution, but as the Data Engineering team grows, the Senior Data Engineer will shift from primarily an individual contributor role to a team lead role.  Also, a Senior Data Engineer is expected to collaborate with, teach and mentor junior members of the team.  Background and Experience  We welcome applicants from a variety of backgrounds and experiences. Below gives you a sense of how we're thinking about what you'll need to be successful in the role.   5+ years experience, comfortable working independently  SQL and NoSQL databases  Big Data systems, ideally the Hadoop ecosystem  High-throughput event streaming systems  Bonus: familiarity with Python, nodejs, Ruby   Bonus Points   Agile. Intelligent. Creative. Problem-solver. Startup lover. You like making things happen.  We're looking for people that have a passion for technology and problem solving.  You have contributed to an open source software project. Show us your github account, we'd love to see what you're enjoy working on.  You're familiar with our product and have some ideas on things you'd want to add or change!   Benefits & Perks  In addition to working with the smartest team of entrepreneurs, advisors, and investors, TaskRabbit employees get tons of perks:   Challenge: The opportunity to learn and grow alongside smart, engaged people.  Monthly task stipend: Use the product you’re working on and outsource errands you don’t want to do  Medical benefits: Great health coverage with dental and vision benefits, a flexible spending account, 401k plans and ample PTO  Education: A series of Lunch and Learn events (we call it “Learnch”) along with mentoring opportunities plus an annual learning and personal development stipend you control  Office: A huge, dog-friendly SOMA loft built to accommodate collaboration, with two fully-stocked kitchens. Free lunch every day!  Fun: The team regularly discovers new restaurants together; the company arranges various fun events outside the office.            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Are you authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *                   Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Data Engineer - Senior Consultant - San Francisco, CA San Francisco, CA SL : Data Engineering Full-time Apply for this job Do you have a passion for data? Clarity Insights is a leading professional services firm focused exclusively on data and analytics. We own our solutions, providing business and technology landscape review, gap analysis, and go-forward strategy for our clients, in addition to implementing the future-state vision. We are...  • The Industry-recognized data and analytics leaders  • Passionate problem solvers across a broad spectrum of technologies and industries  • Value seekers for measurable business outcomes  • Continuous learners through training and education  • Focused on a work-life balance with an unlimited paid time off policy Data engineers are challenged with building the next generation of data solutions for many of the most high-profile and technologically-advanced organizations nationally. Our engagements typically target a variety of use cases across data engineering, data science, data governance, and visualization. Data engineers deliver value through.... Hands-on, self-directed design and development of highly-scalable, reliable, and performant pipelines to consume, integrate and analyze large volumes of complex data using a variety of best-in-class proprietary and open-source platforms and tools Demonstration of technical, team, and solution leadership through strong communication skills to recommend actionable, data-driven insights Collaboration with team members, business stakeholders and data SMEs to elicit requirements and to develop business metrics and analytical insights Internal contribution and influence over the growth of their consultancy with direct lines of communication from team member to CEO A data engineer's skills include, but are not limited to... Bachelors Degree and 5+ years of work experience 5+ years of professional IT work experience SQL, SQL, SQL! Programming / Scripting (Python, Java, C/C++, Scala, Bash, Korn Shell) Linux / Windows (Command line) Big Data (Hadoop, Flume, HBase, Hive, Map-Reduce, Oozie, Sqoop, Spark) Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform) Data Concepts (ETL, near-/real-time streaming, data structures, metadata and workflow management) Data Integration Tools (Ab Initio, DataStage, Informatica, SSIS, Talend) Databases (DB2, HANA, Netezza, Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, Vertica) Markup Languages (JSON, XML, YAML) Code Management Tools (Git/GitHub, SVN, TFS) DevOps Tools (Chef, Docker, Puppet, Bamboo, Jenkins) Testing / Data Quality (TDD, unit, regression, automation) Solving complex data and technology problems Leading technical teams of 2+ consultants Ability to design components of a larger implementation Excellent communication to narrate data driven insights and technical approach If this sounds like you, let’s talk! Candidates must be comfortable with a national travel model to client locations weekly (M-TH is typical). Clarity Insights is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. #LI-RL1 GLDR  Apply for this job Jobs powered bySr. Technical Writer San Francisco Product Management Full-time Apply for this job Databricks is looking for an experienced technical writer to create compelling content that shows customers how to use our data analytics platform and runtime to squeeze the most possible intelligence out of their (big) data. This means that you will be writing for a sophisticated audience of data scientists, data engineers, devops, and developers, telling them in their own language how to perform the typical tasks of their trade, and showing them how to do things they never dreamed they could do. As a member of the Databricks Documentation team, you will collaborate very closely with brilliant engineers, driven product managers, and technically-savvy customer representatives to help make the Databricks experience the gold standard for this growing multi-billion dollar market. You must have the technical background to learn bleeding-edge data tools quickly. You must be passionate about writing, with a focus on clarity, straightforward storytelling, and an information architect’s approach to organizing material. The work is going to come fast and furious, but you’ll never let up your attention to detail and your advocacy for the customer. Databricks’ mission is to accelerate innovation for its customers by unifying Data Science, Engineering and Business. Founded by the team who created Apache Spark™, Databricks provides a Unified Analytics Platform for data science teams to collaborate with data engineering and lines of business to build data products. Databricks, venture-backed by Andreessen Horowitz, NEA and Battery Ventures, among others, is one of the fastest growing enterprise software companies in history. Responsibilities Write documentation for all parts of the data analytics lifecycle, including deployment and configuration guidance for IT and devops engineers, user guidance for data scientists and data engineers, API and command references, tutorials, walkthroughs, sample apps, and best practices guides Help re-architect our burgeoning documentation set Help streamline our authoring and production processes Help create our house style standards Work closely with engineers, product managers, UX designers, and customer support to ensure that our documentation set really meets the needs of our customers Apply a rigorous research and information-architecture approach to identify who our customers are, discover what they need, and deliver it Get up to speed quickly and work efficiently to deliver high-quality work on time Qualifications Ability to grasp complex systems at a technical level 5+ years documenting sophisticated technologies for developers and IT professionals Experience documenting SDKs, APIs, and similar tools Mastery of the tools of the technical writer: consistent voice, straightforward and lively style, understanding (or intuition!) of the rules of grammar and usage Excellent editing and communication skills Proficiency in HTML, Markdown (or similar lightweight tagging tools), and Git Understanding of cloud and distributed data infrastructure Basic proficiency in at least one programming language Basic SQL proficiency and understanding of relational databases Understanding of information architecture concepts and how to apply them Proven project management skills Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities in the face of ambiguity Obsession with technical accuracy and attention to detail Bonus: The ability to understand and/or test code samples in one of the following: Python, Java, Scala, R Experience documenting or working with Big Data technologies (data warehouse, data analytics, etc) Experience developing short video tutorials Experience creating effective and attractive diagrams Experience evaluating, implementing, or managing a content management system (CMS) Benefits Medical, dental, vision 401k Retirement Plan Unlimited Paid Time Off Catered lunch (every day), snacks, and drinks Gym reimbursement Employee referral bonus program Awesome coworkers Apply for this job Databricks Home Page Jobs powered by            Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Preferred First Name       LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job? *        Are you presently authorized to work in the country in which you are applying? *     --  Yes  No    Do you now, or will you in the future, require sponsorship to work in the country which you are applying? *     --  Yes  No    Do you or have you ever worked for Answers Corporation, Answers.com, ForeSee or Webcollage? *     --  Yes  No    Desired Salary *          U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at ForeSee are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Senior Software Engineer Engineering San Francisco, CA Role At A Glance We are seeking an exceptional senior engineer to add to our Engineering Team. You are sharp, results-oriented, knowledgeable, ambitious, and determined, taking pride and ownership in everything you build. You will have broad and deep knowledge of software development technologies and practices, and will lead teams to deliver large product features to market. You will be a mentor and guru for our other engineers, and a key technology thought leader within our organization. Our Stack: Plastiq operates a Continuous Delivery Model using GitHub and Jenkins. On the frontend, we use Angular. On the back-end servicing the front-end, we use PHP and MySQL, which sits in front of our own Payments Processing Platform built in Java. About You 8+ years professional software development experience 3+ years software architecture experience 2+ years team leadership experience You are an expert in JavaScript, PHP and Java/Spring You are an expert with relational databases (MySQL) and with NoSQL stores like MongoDB You have strong DevOps skills with Vagrant, Apache, MySQL, AWS, Heroku You have a proven ability to lead teams, mentor and advise engineers, manage sprints, and deliver robust software You are comfortable working with existing code and refactoring You live Test Driven Development You have a willingness to take risks and move fast – done is better than perfect! You have a strong understanding of REST API design You learn quickly, you’re adaptable and versatile. Your Responsibilities Own development and delivery for large features Define software architecture and design, select technologies Define and manage work breakdown and execution of large product features and projects Hands-on development of code, complete with automated tests, that is scalable and maintainable Train and mentor other Engineers Do QA: engineers own the quality of their code! Do DevOps: engineers deploy and maintain production code! Remind me to apply later clear Want to apply later? Type your email address below to receive a reminder Email Error Required field Cancel Send Reminder Apply to Job First name Error Required field Last name Error Required field Email Error Required field Phone number Error Website Error Resume attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Cover letter attach Attach clear insert_drive_file delete Submit Privacy . Terms        All jobs → Senior Data Engineer   Senior Data Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description Shippo lowers the barriers to shipping for businesses around the world. As free and fast shipping becomes the norm, better access to shipping is a competitive advantage for businesses. Through Shippo, ecommerce businesses, marketplaces, and platforms are able to connect to multiple shipping carriers around the world from one API and dashboard. Businesses can get shipping rates, print labels, automate international documents, track shipments, and facilitate returns. Internally, we think of Shippo as the building blocks of shipping. Shippos are a diverse set of individuals. We look for culture and skills add in every new person. Join us to build the foundations of something great, roll up your sleeves and get important work done everyday. Founded in 2013, we are a proud team based out of San Francisco. Shippo’s investors include Bessemer Venture Partners, Union Square Ventures, SoftTechVC, VersionOne Ventures, FundersClub and others. As a senior data engineer, you will be responsible for building systems to collect and process events of massive scale to gain operational and business insight into the performance and optimization of shipping services. The data engineer will work closely with product, engineering, and business leads in generating customer-facing and internal dashboards, ad hoc reports, and models to provide insights and affect platform behavior. This will also include building and maintaining the infrastructure to collect and transform raw data. RESPONSIBILITIES   Design and implement large scale data systems, including data pipelines, data warehouse, internal analytics, and customer-facing analytics solutions.  Integrate data from various data stores to ensure consistency and availability of data insights.  Articulate and present findings and recommendations at different levels, with a clear bias towards impactful learning and results  Drive the usability and impact of the data projects in ad hoc analysis and real-time and batch processing  Requirements  3+ years working experience as a data engineer  Experience with RDBMS, such as PostgreSQL or MySQL, and NoSQL and columnar data stores; experience with implementing ETL process  Experience with Big Data frameworks such as Hadoop, MapReduce and associated tools, building stream-processing systems, using solutions such as Kinesis Stream or Spark-Streaming  Experience with a scripting language such as Python, Ruby or Perl  Experience with statistical analysis and a data visualization package such as R, Mathematica, Stata, Tableau, etc.  Excellent written, oral communication, and presentation skills  BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical discipline or equivalent job experience  Preferred Experience  Experience with cloud environments and devops tools; working experience with AWS and its associated products  Experience with machine learning infrastructure such as Tensorflow or MXNet  Benefits  Benefits: medical, dental, vision (90% covered by the company, incl. dependents)  Take-as-much-as-you-need vacation policy + flexible work hours, remote working possible  Free lunch / drinks / snacks  Fun team events outside of work hours - happy hours, “escape the room” adventures, hikes, and more!     Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Shippo
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.  Shippo website  Powered by Workable    We Are A team of software engineers and finance geeks making unbiased financial advice available to people like you and me. That's a big change for Wall Street, which has excluded small investors from smart portfolio management...until now. We help our customers cut their fees, avoid excessive risks and save on taxes, which means that they and their families will face better choices down the road. You Are Convinced that our mission is worth a few precious years of your life. We think it is. You love working on challenging problems and building smooth, intuitive user experiences. You want to bring the crucial tools of financial planning to the people who need them most: working and middle-class families. We're a good place to do good. Go to the main content section. | My Account Options Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Basic Search | My Submissions | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page      Primary Location  :  Job Posting  :  Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile           All jobs → Senior Python Engineer - San Francisco   Senior Python Engineer - San Francisco  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description You will work with vast amount of business data to automate a ton of processes for team leads and their teams. You'll be working very closely with the rest of our team , creating APIs, writing machine learning and automation code, and creating scalable systems.  We value ownership highly—the ability to take an idea through all the stages from conception to shipping a product. This reflects throughout our company, but is especially true in engineering. As an engineer at People.ai, you'll be a part of highly independent and autonomous team. Since we're building out a robust data layer that needs to be presented elegantly to the end user, you'll be working with a large array of different technologies and fields. Expect lots of interesting challenges. Requirements  Expert level in Python 2.x/3.x with at least 5 years of experience in programming   Understanding of fundamental design patterns and principles of scalable applications- Strong knowledge of TDD, Unit and automated tests paradigms  Strong skills in SQL and RDBMS solutions  Understanding of SOA, Micro-services and event-driven architecture  Acquaintance with Enterprise-grade stack for Scalable apps including Messaging broker, In-memory storages, NoSQL and Key-Value databases  Acquaintance with containerized applications, Docker and Kubernetes are appreciated  DevOps mindset, AWS experience is a plus  Strong knowledge of HTTP stack and REST principles for integration with 3rd-party vendors  Salesforce knowledge is a plus  Benefits Work out of our SOMA/San Francisco offices. We offer a competitive salary with equity, health benefits, a cool company culture, lunches and free snacks and drinks. At this time we are unable to provide visa sponsorship.   Apply for this job             People.ai website  Powered by Workable              Toggle navigation                About Us     Inside Luxoft   Benefits  Excelian  Training & Communities  Relocation Program  Social Responsibility  Discover Us  Events  Referral Program      Job Opportunities     Students & Grads      +    has been added to your jobs     my jobs ( 0 )                   Home Careers Area Lead DevOps Engineer           Position  Lead DevOps Engineer   Project Description  Working with us is all about inspiration, challenge, collaboration and having a say in what you do. Hotwire's got the energy of a startup, PLUS, the stability of being part of the Expedia family of companies -- the largest travel company in the world!   As a travel company, our business gets people out of their ordinary routines and into journeys that often surpass their dreams!  As part of our company culture, we are passionate about helping our customers find the best travel deals and we're constantly talking to them to understand how we can create better travel experiences. Strong emphasis on collaboration and teamwork is the norm, not to mention that we consistently make time to celebrate our awesome accomplishments and each other!  Wouldn't you love to be a part of this?  We thrive on delivering solutions to develop our industry niche in an agile work environment. We offer an open work environment, great travel perks, company-sponsored outings, and we take the time to invest in our community through volunteerism and philanthropy. Our employees are given opportunities to focus on their career development and we have a very progressive approach to annual reviews and employee performance.  As you can see, it's different here. If you love travel and want to help our customers realize their travel dreams you're landing at the right place.   Responsibilities  -	Hotwire DevOps provides the platform, tools and processes needed to test, deliver, monitor and analyze Hotwire services in a rapid, highly available, performant and secure manner. Our domain includes all e-commerce and analytics infrastructure, our CI/CD pipeline, and much more. -	We are looking for a highly talented DevOps Engineer to join our team. You must be obsessed with automation, configuration management, cloud computing, and uptime. You have years of experience working with highly available Linux Systems running on VMWare and in public clouds like AWS. -	DevOps is passionate about working with development engineers to get more done faster with less effort using technologies like Chef and Docker, along with continuous delivery tools like Jenkins.  For this position, you should have good communication skills and enjoy working both on individual tasks and as part of a team of engineers working to solve problems in rapidly changing environment.   Skills Required  Key skills we're looking for include: •	Expert-level knowledge of Linux systems with 10+ years of professional experience •	2+ years of DevOps or development experience in similar environments •	Very strong experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) •	Strong experience with Chef (preferred), Puppet, Ansible, or similar tools. •	Significant scripting experience in Ruby, Bash, or similar •	Clear and confident interpersonal and communications skills •	Ability to make quick decisions as well as thoughtful, well researched plans •	Track record with researching, implementing and improving a range of technologies •	Ability to act as an escalation point and mentor for others on your team •	Significant professional experience in 24x7 enterprise environments Pluses include: •	Networking Experience, preferably with Cisco Routers and firewalls and Cisco and Arista switches •	Experience with VMWare 5+ •	Experience with EMC SAN devices and/or Network Attached Storage         WHERE     San Francisco       Work Type   Release/Configuration engineer      ADD TO MY JOBS   RECOMMEND A FRIEND     Apply        Check us out on:                         More job opportunities in Release/Configuration engineer          Specialization  Position / Title  Location    Send to a friend       Release/Configuration engineer    Senior DevOps Engineer      San Francisco , US      Apply  or  Add to my jobs                              back to the top             LUXOFT  PRIVACY POLICY  CONTACT     © 2017 Luxoft        ×                ×            Feedback        ×  Let us know your thoughts           How would you rate your experience? *     -  Positive  Negative        Please select the category that best describes you *     -  Looking for a job  Searching for information about Luxoft  Looking for relocation possibilities  Recommending a friend  Recommended by a friend       Please share your comments *             Submit                          Systems Engineer / Administrator San Francisco, CA Engineering Full-time Apply for this job As a Systems Engineer at Clara, you will architect, implement, and administer our AWS-based infrastructure. In addition, you will lead and contribute to the development of tools that help us monitor, configure, and scale our infrastructure. You will use your experience and expertise in both preventative and responsive situations. DevOps is already part of our engineering team’s DNA, so rather than dealing with daily operations and on-call schedules, you’ll get to create the tools and frameworks that empower and guide our developers to operate their own services effectively. You’re helping transform how families across America access capital by creating a novel, online borrowing experience. You’re part of an early, growing team that’s working to build a unified system to modernize an antiquated yet critical industry. Being an Engineer at Clara means being part of a diverse team whose backgrounds range from biology to finance, and whose interests range from round-the-clock coffee drinking to camping in Botswana to mentoring with Women Who Code. We care deeply about choosing the right tools for the job, building systems designed for longevity, and fostering a culture of continuous learning. Clara is a modern, technology-enabled lender backed by top venture capital firms based in downtown San Francisco and our mission is to improve people’s lives by reimagining how lending works. Our team brings together the best of Silicon Valley tech, financial services, the mortgage industry and the federal government. It’s an uncommon mix that allows us to tackle the biggest problems in consumer finance. Come join us! WHAT YOU'LL DO Make the most efficient use of DevOps technologies such as Docker, Terraform, and Chef. Implement the right tool for the job when necessary Use understanding and empathy for your customers to produce a highly efficient environment Contribute to an environment that enables our engineering teams to build, release, and operate their own microservices Participate in architecting, implementing, and administering our AWS-based infrastructure to support consumer-facing web applications, backend business workflow engines, and data pipelines Use best-in-class monitoring and self-healing techniques to efficiently scale with our business Work with, teach, and learn from an awesome team that is fun, devoted to personal growth, and committed to building something meaningful, lasting, and impactful ABOUT YOU You see both sides of DevOps - development and operations, and see how they are intertwined and influence each other. You adopt the philosophies behind DevOps and enjoy working in such collaborative environments You care about continuous integration, reliable deployments, sensible configuration management, etc., because they catch errors early and improve both system stability and developer efficiency You’re lazy in the right ways - you have  a focus on building tools, systems and patterns, not manual firefighting You have built reusable systems, and are familiar with modern tools to reliably, consistently and repeatedly manage them - solid, supported, and maintained tools; not: post-it notes, tribal knowledge, or prayer You are well-versed in security best practices and defense mechanisms, and you have practiced them consistently 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, Systems Engineer or Systems Administrator 2+ years managing a non-trivial system architecture in AWS. Our current system has ~200 nodes serving 2 web applications, with more than a dozen back-end microservices across several environments; this is likely to grow significantly to support on-demand environments, more complex analytics, additional workflows, etc. Apply for this job Clara Home Page Jobs powered by             Why Triton  Products   Compute  Storage  Converged Analytics    Services   Cloud Networking & Security  Security Compliance  Load Balancing  ContainerPilot  Access Management  Monitoring  DTrace  Node.js Support  Training  Consulting    Developer Support   Getting Started  Node.js Best Practices  Downloads  Documentation  Tech Videos    Pricing & Support   Our Pricing Difference  Public Cloud  Private Cloud Software  Private Regions  Node.js Support    About   Triton Customer Case Studies  Careers at Joyent  Management Team  Press Room  Partners  Contact Us  Events    Blog      Free Trial             Why Triton  Products & Services       Compute  Containers and Virtual Machines    Storage  Scalable Object Storage    Converged Analytics  High Performance MapReduce and ETL      Networking & Security   Cloud Networking & Security Container DNS, Firewalls, Role Based Access, Gateways, VLANs and more  Security Compliance Certifications  Load Balancing Software Load Balancing and Reverse Proxy     Management   ContainerPilot Application Orchestration  Access Portal, CLI & API  Monitoring Infrastructure, Container and Application Metrics  DTrace Live Debugging in Production     Services   Node.js Support  Training  Consulting         Developers   Getting Started  Node.js Best Practices  Downloads  Documentation  Tech Videos    Pricing   Our Pricing Difference  Public Cloud Services  Private Cloud Software  Private Regions  Node.js Support    About Us   Customers  Careers  Press  Partners  Management  Contact Us  Events    Blog  Sign In     Blog  Sign In  Free Trial           Careers at Joyent          Cloud Operations Engineer - US  Joyent Cloud Operations is looking for talented, passionate, and resourceful system/devops engineers to join our ranks. Candidates will work as part of an established but growing team that is focused on 24x7 support, availability, and uptime of the Joyent Triton Cloud. Our cloud spans multiple data centers including internationally, and houses some of the highest profile customers in the world. The lucky individuals will be involved with providing operational support, cloud service development and deployment of updates, advanced troubleshooting, architectural design, and management of the overall health of services running on our customer cloud platforms.  Responsibilities   24x7x365 Product support for our Joyent Triton Cloud  Monitoring and incident response to alerts  Operating services running in our cloud environment  Watch ticket queues and perform troubleshooting, engaging senior members for escalations as needed  Hands on implementation, maintaining, and troubleshooting of complex virtualized environments  Document pre-deployment and post-deployment plans along with the team for all configuration changes  Stay abreast of current technologies and make recommendations based on knowledge and research  Work rotating shift and weekend schedules as required   Requirements   System administration experience with SmartOS, Solaris, or Linux  Experience managing large-scale Linux or Unix system deployments  Experience with configuration management tools and Git  Experience with KVM or similar virtualization technologies  Operations programing experience in Shell (Bash, KSH), Perl, Python, or Node.js and a passion for building idempotent tools  Experience with managing modern X86 Rack servers such as Dell, HP, Cisco, and SuperMicro, namely via IPMI   Desired Skills   A strong desire to troubleshoot problems and then distill processes into procedures, including documentation for both knowledge sharing and training of new employees  Experience managing large globally distributed cloud deployments  Experience with Zabbix, InfluxDB/statsd, large-scale LDAP deployments  Experience with Docker, containers, and related technologies  A strong background and familiarity with Illumos based OS's (OpenIndiana, OmniOS, SmartOS, or similar), and SMF, ZFS, and Zones technologies in particular  Open source community involvement  Database servers: MySQL, PostgreSQL  Configuration management: Chef, Ansible   Qualifications   BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent engineering experience.  3+ years experience building and running a high-transactional, 24x7 production environment  Strong familiarity with security as it applies to software, system and network engineering  Experience delivering a world-class systems platform with scalability and resiliency  Deep hands-on technical expertise; designing and deploying global Linux or Unix based systems  Detail orientation on technology, technical-development, quality, operations and system performance.  Exceptional communication skills, both verbally and in writing  A sense of humor and humility an absolute MUST   About Joyent  Joyent, a Samsung subsidiary, is a cloud infrastructure as a service provider. Joyent’s next generation cloud solution, Triton, is a public cloud service available on Joyent operated data centers around the world. Triton can also be deployed on dedicated hardware, that Joyent manages for its customers, to create private clouds.  To apply, please submit a brief introduction, a copy of your resume, and a link to your Github or LinkedIn profile to jobs@joyent.com with Cloud Operations Engineer (US) in the subject. Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for the position in a manner consistent with the Fair Chance Ordinance.     Triton  Sign up now and get instant access to Triton cloud services.  Free Trial  Learn More    Triton  Joyent Recognized by Gartner in the MQ for Cloud Infrastructure as a Service  Get the Report                  Hybrid, Modern and Open, Triton is engineered to run the world’s largest cloud native applications    Connect with Joyent                Open Source   Github/joyent  Triton Compute Service  SmartOS  Object Storage  Github/autopilotpattern  ContainerPilot  Node.js     Documentation   Joyent Blog  Triton Getting Started  Triton Compute  Triton SmartOS  Object Storage  ContainerPilot  Node.js Production Practices     About   Press Room  Events  Management  Careers  Contact Us     Support   Support Center  System Status  Site Feedback  Site Search       © 2017 Joyent, Inc. | Policies | Compliance                      ×  Joyent.com Feedback     Thank You  Thank you for helping us improve joyent.com.    Forms are blocked  It appears you have an ad or script blocker that won't allow us to load our feedback form from app-sjf.marketo.com . To submit feedback, you can either temporarily unblock that domain, or email marketing@joyent.com . Email may take longer to get to the relevant people.                  Log In    Register    Jobs    Back to Website          DevOps Engineer     Email           Tweet     Location: San Francisco, CA   Date Posted: 11-07-2017      Apply Now        THIS IS NOT A REMOTE OPPORTUNITY / NO THIRD PARTY VENDORS   Who is Taos? Taos is an IT consulting and services company that offers expertise across the strategic, management and tactical layers of IT and engineering organizations. As part of the nation's IT landscape since 1989, we offer opportunities that will allow you to achieve your career goals and objectives.  We're changing the face of some of the most innovative companies with our diverse solution offerings, exceptional talent and thought leadership. Our clients look to us first for advice, insight, and support, driving us to relentlessly focus on customer success.  Taos is immediately hiring a DevOps Engineer for a cutting-edge tech company in San Francisco, CA !   Who you are: You are a passionate DevOps engineer with strong bias to action, excellent analytical skills, and a taste for good engineering. You thrive in an environment where you are constantly presented with a variety of new challenges with an enormous scope. You are a fast learner, able to quickly adopt new tools and technologies while hitting the ground running. The opportunity to work on a true engineering team, building rather than supporting, is an exciting prospect for you. You are eager to join an organization that fosters diversity in both thought and people.   What you’ll be doing:   Working in an all engineering department building new software (no support)  Migrating one system to another  Performing SRE work on tooling for production operations, incident response, logging, alerting, and monitoring management  Automating anything and everything you can  Migrating to Spinnaker to improve deployment    What you’ll bring to the table:   At least 5 years of experience in a DevOps/SRE role  Expert-level Python skills  Salt and/or Terraform experience in a production environment  Proficient systems-level knowledge in Linux  A strong desire to automate  Docker and Kubernetes is a plus    Let’s talk about us: Some IT professionals watch their careers shoot straight up. Others spend years at one company after another struggling to get noticed and stay on top of developing technologies. If you are looking for a place that puts employees first while staying on the cutting edge of technology, come to Taos. We’ll immerse you in multiple environments and operating technologies, give you access to the collaboration of a strong technical community, and expose you to IT innovation as it happens in real-time. With unparalleled adaptability, you have the opportunity to leverage Taos as an employer to be successful.   Referrals: We love referrals so much that we pay for them! If you know someone that you would recommend, click HERE or go to our website at http://www.taos.com/it-talent/opportunities/and we will do the rest! We'll make sure that you receive the $1000 referral bonus after they are employed with us.   Compensation: Our compensation package includes a competitive salary, medical and dental insurance, 401k, paid vacation, sick time and holiday pay, plus loads of free training (Puppet, Chef, Nagios, LAMP Stack, PMP, ITIL, Python, etc.)!   How to apply: If you’re interested in this position or know someone who is, please email your resume (Word or PDF format) and contact information to opportunities@taos.com .  Taos Mountain, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.  Veterans are encouraged to apply!  E-Verify Participant: This employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please go to http://www.taos.com/it-talent/opportunities/ and review the E-Verify Participant and Right to Work links for more information.  #LI-POST             Apply Now      or                        All jobs → Senior DevOps Engineer   Senior DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description Why Work At Forge? At Forge, we’re creating a product that changes lives. Imagine a world where all hourly workers can finally choose their work hours, have control over how much money they make each month and legitimately enjoy their work...all because of you. Joining the Forge team means you’ll be hands-on in designing and building this dream which will benefit millions of people across the globe. In addition to having a real impact on the world, you’ll be joining one of the most well-connected, venture-backed teams in San Francisco who have a previous acquisition under their belt. Who We're Looking For Forge is looking for an experienced DevOps engineer to manage our growing infrastructure. We are doing things the "right" way from the get-go: fully automated and version controlled. Our apps require nearly 100% uptime and will face massive growth in traffic and complexity in a short amount of time. We are seeking smart, motivated individuals who have a passion for changing the world through software. Most importantly, we’re looking for someone who will take the reins and start building. About The Job You'll be working alongside iOS and Android engineers building the Forge platform and championing DevOps. Requirements Culture  Focus on shipping quality software -- and testing it before you ship  Product-minded: You’re not just building software, you’re making it  Appreciation of full ownership of your work-product, from design to deployment  Have empathy with our target audience and know the value of a simple, intuitive product  What We're Looking For  Expert knowledge of all things AWS  Experience with microservice architectures  Full proficiency in UNIX/Linux administration  Managing automated build & deploy processes  Familiarity with "infrastructure as code" tools, such as Terraform or Cloudformation  It's Even Better If You  Have 3+ years of experience  Are curious about the Future of Work  Like learning new skills & frameworks  Want to make a huge impact on the world  Want to work with a dynamic, experienced team  Are familiar with any of the HashiCorp stack, in particular Terraform, Packer, and Consul  Benefits  Stock  Apple Equipment  Unlimited Vacation  Competitive Salary     Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Forge website  Powered by Workable            Apply Now  Sr. Security Engineer - Infrastructure  at Anki  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    About Us:  We bring objects to life through Robotics and Artificial Intelligence, allowing people to build relationships with technology that feel a little more human.  At Anki, we create robots that move you.  With multiple hit entertainment products, including Anki Overdrive and Cozmo, we are now making a big push to scale our robotics platform into broader consumer markets.  To date, we have closed over $200M in investments from top-tier investors such as Andreessen Horowitz and JP Morgan Chase and are once again growing our talented QA team.  We’re building exciting robots with personality - that’s why we need you. You’ll get to work for a company where fun is hard-wired into our products and our culture. And you’ll help one of the most forward-thinking robotics companies out there break new ground, every day.  Find us on Facebook and YouTube to find out more about Anki.  The Role:  We are searching for a Senior Security Engineer to lead our infrastructure security efforts. This individual will report to the Head of Security and will be responsible to design, build and implement security and threat mitigation solutions to secure Anki’s IT & Cloud infrastructure.  You will join a small, senior team of engineers tasked with securely deploying bleeding edge AI algorithms to power one of the most sophisticated uses of artificial intelligence and robotics in a consumer product. As Infrastructure Security Engineer, you will bring a depth of knowledge of operational security practices. You will team up with our IT, business and platform infrastructure engineers to secure our corporate and cloud infrastructure.  Your passion for security best practices and architecture will help Anki create new kinds of secure AI and robotics in the cloud.  Duties and Responsibilities   Design, implement and monitor Anki’s security controls and technologies  Perform security reviews of Anki’s infra and tech supply chain  Assess and manage vulnerabilities and technology risks across Anki’s technology assets  Configure, administer, and operate security tools and capabilities  Design, implement and continuously enhance security technologies including IAM, SIEM, EDR etc.  Advise and support developers and DevOps engineers in securely implementing new innovations  Research and design ways to achieve risk reduction objectives in creative ways, including expanding our current tool stack where appropriate  Assist with security incidents that the company may face in alignment with our response processes  Assess risk arising from third-parties, vendors and partners in our ecosystem and design controls to mitigate such risks  Document security processes and standards.   Must-Have Qualifications   Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or related field  Four years or more of information security experience, either in an internal security engineering, operations or consulting role  Ability to code at least one scripting type language such as Python  Working knowledge of networking security technologies (NGFW, Firewalls, IDS, etc.)  Familiarity with securing cloud services running in Amazon AWS or Google Cloud Platform  Experience with identity and access management concepts such as SAML federation, OAUTH and MFA  Experience with microservice architectures, or large distributed systems.  Expertise with browser security controls and web application security best practices.  Experience working with operational or DevOps teams.  Knowledge of unique security risks and capabilities with IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS.  Experience communicating security concerns and issues to non-technical audiences  Self-starter with solid collaboration mindset and communication skills  Ability to prioritize and track multiple projects in parallel  Passion for robotics and artificial intelligence   Desired Qualifications   Ability to code to automate security functions and processes  Experience with Splunk or similar SIEM technology  Working knowledge of encryption and key management practices  Amazon Web Services certification  Demonstrated interest and passion for information security through participation in industry events or competitions  Previous experience as a penetration tester (red team) or incident response (blue team) a plus   Benefits:   Competitive salaries, stock options and great benefits (health, subsidized public transportation costs, generous vacation)  Great San Francisco office with lots of light and great views, convenient to every mode of mass transit – on wheels, on rails, and on water  Agile startup environment where you’ll help shape the culture and have a huge impact  Free catered lunches, snacks and drinks  You get to work on innovative products and challenging problems with some amazingly talented (and fun) people!   Company Highlights:   Top tier investors such as Andreessen Horowitz, Index Ventures, JPMorgan Investment, and Two Sigma Ventures.  Experts in the industry: Co-Founded by 3 Carnegie Mellon PhDs in robotics and machine learning. Huge leap over competitors in terms of product development and domain knowledge.  Huge market potential: Conglomerate of applications in the Robotics and Artificial Intelligence space.  Record revenue growth over the last three years.  Headquartered in San Francisco with over 200 employees and plans to scale.          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                        About Us    About GuruLink   Who We Are  What We Do  Careers  Partnerships  Search Site     How To Reach Us   Contact Us  Feedback                 Candidates    For Candidates   Search Jobs  Refer a Guru  Register  Test Your Skills  How We Help  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions     How To Reach Us   Contact Us  Feedback                 Employers    For Employers   Recruitment Services  Recruitment Software  Register  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions     How To Reach Us    Contact Us  Feedback                 Resources     For Candidates   Career Development  Immigration      For Employers   Employer Resources  News And Research           Login    Member Login Area  Please enter your email address and password below to login to the Guru system.    Email  Password   Login                    GuruLink helps you stand out from the crowd.           Home Candidates Job Search Job DevOps Engineer       Add This               Refer a Guru and Win $500  To apply for this job you must first either login or register     DevOps Engineer  San Francisco,California
            -Permanent   Job Description  Our client is on a mission to structure and understand the world's medical data. They are starting this process by using terabytes of data of clinician notes which contain Electronic Health Records of some of the world's largest healthcare systems. If you are somebody who is passionate about intelligent automation, and being the sole DevOps individual for a smart but strong team you may be in the right place. You will be responsible for leading the way in DevOps and Security. You must be comfortable working autonomously. You will be utilizing Python and Linux. As well, you will be working on cloud services, scripting, information security and design, deployment, monitoring, and securing all operational aspects of the product. Some of your responsibilities will include, but not be limited too: -Working to ensure that the security, stability, and performance of our client's platform is running smoothly -Developing internal tools that make the lives of the software engineers and machine learning engineers more efficient -Everything from infrastructure deployment, to continuous integration, and testing -Maintaining and configuring all internal development and access control systems -Owning and enforcing all security and data access policies -Collaborating with the product and analytics team to identify long-term projects and infrastructure needs in advance  Must Have Skills:  -Building, controlling, and monitoring distributed systems -Continuous integration systems (CircleCI or Jenkins) -Setting up monitoring systems -Experience with Docker -Basic familiarity with DB (SQL and NoSQL) ability to identify the right tool for the job -Define, Drive, and defend technical infrastructure initiatives and decisions -Understanding of network security best practices  Nice to Have Skills:  -Airflow, Spark, Kubernetes, Mesos -Experience within HIPAA environment or high-compliance environments -Google Cloud or Azure -Supporting infrastructure and DevOps within a Machine Learning environment  Details: Starting: ASAP Travel: 20% Dress Code: Casual       Refer a Guru and Win $500  To apply for this job you must first either login or register                Search Jobs  Refer a Guru  Register  Test Your Skills  How We Help  Testimonials  Frequently Asked Questions      Search Jobs        Search                                     More Information   Browse Job Postings  Give Us Feedback  Site Map  Contact Us       Latest Tweets   Tweets by @GuruLink       Testimonials            © 2017 All rights reserved GuruLink Inc.  | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy                                           Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Senior Java Back end Engineer    Energize Recruitment ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 3 weeks ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Senior Java Back end Engineer    Edit     Skill: Java,AWS,REST API Design,Java Engineer,Back End Developer    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Java, AWS, REST API Design, Java Engineer, Back End Developer          Full Time            120000-150000            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Job title: Senior Java Back End Engineer Location: San Francisco Would you like to work for a company that is poised to redefine how enterprises of all sizes distribute money owed to customers? How does working for a company that is actually changing how companies interact with their consumers sound? A company that boasts clients such as PayPal, Ebay and Amazon. You will be part of building a unique SaaS platform that Is already changing the industry standard of how companies and governments distribute funds back to their customers. The roadmap that you will be involved in includes an array of additional services, so every project you will be involved in is greenfield. No Legacy or brownfield projects here. You will be joining a profitable and funded company that are leveraging the latest technologies to help scale and build beautiful solutions for their customers. You should have strong skills in Java, and be able to hold yourself in Scrum meetings and be able to put your views and opinions forward in a clear concise manner. This isn’t a company where you will just sit and code, you will get involved in all aspects of development and problem solving. As a senior member of the company you will provide technical leadership, driving and performing best engineering practices to initiate, plan and execute large scale and cross functional programs on schedule. If you have strong experience in object orientated design, testing patterns and 5+ years with Java, a strong understanding in REST API Design, and interest in DevOps(Specifically AWS), strong competencies in data structures, microservices, algorithms, software design and looking to join a company with excellent pay and benefits then let’s have a conversation! Please contact Jakew@Energizerec.com/ +1 347 918 3501       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Jake Whitby  730 Arizona Avenue
				
				
					
						Santa Monica, CA, 90401  Contact               Dice Id : 90995892    Position Id : 203879      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Senior Java Developer (PERM)   Avesta Computer Services  Foster City, CA     Java J2EE Developer   Horizon Technologies Inc.  Palo Alto, CA     Java Backend Developer   Renovite  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    Java Server Side Developer/ UI Developer   AppsIntegration, Inc.  Pleasanton, CA     Full time Senior Java Engineer (Springboot, Microservices)   Intelliswift Software Inc  San Francisco, CA     Principal Software Engineer- Back-End   Enterprise Solutions  San Bruno, CA     Senior Java Developers for exciting Start up company   Nextphase Recruiting  Burlingame, CA     Java Developer (5229)   Embedded Resource Group, Inc  Foster City, CA     Sr Technical Lead Developer / Technical Architect- Java   HCL America Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Java Developer/Sr. Developer   Capgemini  Menlo Park, CA     Sr. Java Tech Lead   Nisum Technologies  Fremont, CA     Senior Software Engineer (VR001)   Radiansys, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Senior Java Developer   Tailored Brands  Fremont, CA     Senior, App Back-end Engineer   Serverlogic  San Mateo, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Senior Java Back end Engineer with Energize Recruitment through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                             Services  Industries  IT Careers  Contact                        Services    Industries    IT Careers    Contact                   Need help?    Contact us at teksystems@jobs.net        Language: United States - English    United States - English    Canada - French           Back to Search                   AWS Python DevOps      TEKsystems, Inc      Posted:
                                    11/13/2017      Apply                         Job Snapshot        Location:   San Francisco, CA, US   Employee Type:   Contract to Hire     Posting ID:   6177662   Pay Rate:   $75.00 - $90.00 /Hour       Job Summary       The Senior DevOps Engineer will work on the website development team. This role requires experience in DevOps and Continuous Delivery systems and best-practices. Experience with Continuous Integration, Agile, and Test-Driven Development systems and best-practices is desirable. It will also require a collaboration mentality, excellent verbal and written communication skills. The success candidate will be able to successfully partner with internal and external partners to fully administer all DevOps systems under heavy usages from multiple teams. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Collaborate with development, QA, release engineering, operations, site support, and infrastructure teams to maintain high-quality deployment artifacts as it moves through entire deployment pipeline. Drive, design, implement, and maintain deployment automation from code check-in to production. Support development activities in all features in Continuous Integration Platform. Recommend and implement automation wherever feasible. Proactively seek opportunities to implement improvements in the development process and deployment pipeline. Drive and champion Continuous Delivery and automation wherever feasible. Champion Test-Driven Development, Acceptance-Test-Driven Development, and Agile best-practices, processes, and tools in support of DevOps processes. Contribute to an atmosphere of cross-functional teamwork. Document all DevOps and Continuous Delivery processes and systems on wiki. Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality. HEAVY PYTHON SCRIPTING REQUIRED  QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Engineering and 5 years experience or Master's Degree in Computer Science/Engineering and 3 years experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 3 years of experience maintaining and developing an enterprise-level JEE website in various technical capacities. 3 years of experience with various scripting and programming languages such as Perl, Python, Shell Scripting, Ruby, JSON, Java, or Jacl. Experience with Continuous Delivery and Deployment Automation, with industry standard DevOps tools: Puppet, Chef, Ansible, CircleCI/Jenkins, SVN/Git, Artifactory/Nexus, Docker, swarm, kubernetes Experience with WebServer and Application server administration Comfortable with basic Unix/Linux administration. Understanding of various SDLC methodologies particularly Agile. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to effectively communicate technical issues and solutions to peers and external vendors. Strong active listening, conflict resolution, negotiation, consensus-building skills and passionate about learning new technologies.    About TEKsystems: Join TEKsystems®, a leading IT staffing, IT talent management and IT services firm, and get your career on the fast track. We have more than 100 offices worldwide, and we partner with over 6,000 clients and place over 80,000 consultants per year. At TEKsystems, we seek to understand our consultants' skills, goals and interests, allowing us to present targeted job opportunities on a contract, contract-to-hire or direct placement basis. TEKsystems' leadership in the market stems from our sincere and personal commitment to driving the success of our customers, consultants and each other. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems.com for other accommodation options.         Contact Information       Name:   John Shrader     Email:    jshrader@teksystems.com      Phone:   4807586111        Apply                            Contact Us  TEKsavvy Blog  About TEKsystems  Internal Careers      All Locations  Privacy  Terms and Conditions  Site Map         Copyright © 2016 TEKsystems Inc., All Rights Reserved.                                                 Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Senior Software Engineer    Delta Dental of California ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 1 week ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Senior Software Engineer    Edit     Skill: Java,RestAPI,Kafka,MicroServices,NoSQL(Mongodb    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               Java,RestAPI,Kafka, MicroServices, NoSQL(Mongodb, Cassandra),SQL          Full Time, Full - Time            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Job description We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer (Platform Engineering) with impressive technical skills and excellent communication and collaborative skills to help us build our Next Generation API Platform. Along with writing awesome code, you will be responsible for designing and building a highly scalable set of API suite that support our rich consumer facing applications. You will use industry best practices and work collaboratively with cross-functional team of product managers, architects, principal engineers, software engineers, test automation team and DevOps in an agile setup. Be part of an engineering team that builds and supports amazing customer-facing products that will drive the next generation of Delta Dental Digital Experience Description: Design, develop, test and maintain micro services to support our consumer facing applications. Write highest quality code with utmost attention to scalability, security and performance. Use TDD and participate in code-reviews with other software engineers. Job requirements: BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 5 - 7 years of experience designing and developing secure object oriented web services. Experience with all phases of software development. You have been there and done it, multiple times. You have strong experience in Java and Restful API Development. Experience with developing Micro Services highly desired. Some familiarity with exposing and securing APIs using an API Management Solution. Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases. Test Driven Development and knowledge of mocking frameworks such as EasyMock, Mockito. Some experience in at least a few of the following technologies in the below categories. The more the better: Spring Framework including, Spring Boot. Web Services: Spring, Jersey, Apache CXF, RESTEasy, Restlet Databases: Oracle, MySql, MongoDB, Cassandra etc. Distributed Cache: Redis, Coherence, Hazelcast Build & CI Tools: Maven, Jenkins, Gradle etc. Search & AI: Apache Solr, ElasticSearch, Natural Language Processing libraries (Stanford, apache). Message Brokers: Apache Kafka, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ. . Experience with Scrum, Agile Process, Unit Testing using Test Driven Development. Developing and deploying applications on AWS or private cloud. Expertise in Software Design and Architecture. Strong problem solving and communication skills. Great business acumen with a passion to solve for the customer.       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Harish Gulati  100 First St
				
				
					
						San Francisco, CA, 94105               Delta Dental of California,     Dice Id : ddpca    Position Id : 187548      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Senior Software Engineer with Delta Dental of California through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site            Primary Responsibilities: Act as an integral member of the Post Sales team including Professional Services, Support and Customer Success, taking responsibility for solving customer issues from a technical perspective. Work off/on site with strategic customers, delivering solutions architecture consulting, technical guidance, knowledge transfer and establish trusted advisor status. Lead proof-of-concepts assisting strategic customers to deploy and integrate Monitoring and Security technology into their environments.Develop best practices and playbooks for Support Engineers and other Solution Engineers Play a key role in formulation of FAQ’s and execution process and procedures.Train and support other team members and indirect channel partners 9 as required). Act as a product enhancement feedback loop with product management and engineering. Help triage and document bugs and enhancements requests as seen in the field. Act as evangelist of client technology in EMEA-wide open source and devops community Desired Skills & Experience: A minimum of three years experience as a Professional Services / Solutions engineer or an enterprises in a similar or related fields (container management, cloud management, systems management, PaaS). A minimum of three years experience as a Support Level 2 / Escalations engineer or an enterprises in a similar or related fields.Knowledge of cloud infrastructure / container computing and technologies like AWS, Docker, Kubernetes and other tools like Cassandra, Elastic Search etc Excellent writing and interpersonal communication/relationship skills.Ability to work effectively and manage multiple customer support issues simultaneously.Self-motivated with ability to thrive under pressure, self-manage and prioritize activities.Previous start-up experience, a plus.Technical: Understanding of PaaS concepts.Understanding Application Monitoring.Experience with any of the Scripting languages (Shell, Bash, Perl, Python etc). Nice to Have: Experience in using or integrating with Systems Management Technology.Hands-on experience with PaaS tools or other cloud management software. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $145,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year Required experience: Systems Management Technology: 3 yearsPrimary Responsibilities: Act as an integral member of the Post Sales team including Professional Services, Support and Customer Success, taking responsibility for solving customer issues from a technical perspective. Work off/on site with strategic customers, delivering solutions architecture consulting, technical guidance, knowledge transfer and establish trusted advisor status. Lead proof-of-concepts assisting strategic customers to deploy and integrate Monitoring and Security technology into their environments.Develop best practices and playbooks for Support Engineers and other Solution Engineers Play a key role in formulation of FAQ’s and execution process and procedures.Train and support other team members and indirect channel partners 9 as required). Act as a product enhancement feedback loop with product management and engineering. Help triage and document bugs and enhancements requests as seen in the field. Act as evangelist of client technology in EMEA-wide open source and devops community Desired Skills & Experience: A minimum of three years experience as a Professional Services / Solutions engineer or an enterprises in a similar or related fields (container management, cloud management, systems management, PaaS). A minimum of three years experience as a Support Level 2 / Escalations engineer or an enterprises in a similar or related fields.Knowledge of cloud infrastructure / container computing and technologies like AWS, Docker, Kubernetes and other tools like Cassandra, Elastic Search etc Excellent writing and interpersonal communication/relationship skills.Ability to work effectively and manage multiple customer support issues simultaneously.Self-motivated with ability to thrive under pressure, self-manage and prioritize activities.Previous start-up experience, a plus.Technical: Understanding of PaaS concepts.Understanding Application Monitoring.Experience with any of the Scripting languages (Shell, Bash, Perl, Python etc). Nice to Have: Experience in using or integrating with Systems Management Technology.Hands-on experience with PaaS tools or other cloud management software. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $145,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year Required experience: Systems Management Technology: 3 years                   × close                     Jobs   Jobs   Jobs                 « Back to all jobs                  © 2017 Practice Fusion, Inc.  | Site Map | Terms | Privacy Policy | EHR Certification                 Senior DevOps Infrastructure Engineer Location: San Francisco, CA We are hiring a DevOps Engineer who has five years of deep understanding in the strategy, framework and delivery of next-generation automation, monitoring, deployment platforms. You will also have the ability to shape the architecture and infrastructure to smoothly run our systems and automate all aspects of our environment. We run a hybrid. multi-cloud environment, GKE, Kubernetes, GCE Google Cloud Computing. An expert on DevOps best practices with AWS, OpenStack, Cloud Formation, Auto Scaling Groups, and Configuration Management Perform overall analysis on best practices develop and structure emerging concepts in DevOps, Infrastructure Automation, and Enterprise Security Hands on experience with managing production environments on AWS or cloud PaaS Be able to provide technical leadership in the development of a mobile platform Qualifications: Bachelors or Masters (Masters preferred) in Computer Science or related area of study 4-7+ years of DevOps experience including AWS, Google Cloud, GKE, Docker and Kubernetes Strong and hands on with the Linux Operating System Redhat or Amazon Linux preferred Experience with configuration automation tools Puppet, Ansible, Chef Cloud Monitoring tools Splunk, DataDog, ELK, Elastic Search Continuous Integration and Deployment (Jenkins, CloudBees) Job Type: Full-time Job Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: DevOps: 4 yearsSystems Engineer / DevOps San Francisco Castle Global – Backend Full-time Apply for this job Castle Global is building machine learning enabled technology products in a number of verticals across both consumer and enterprise spaces. Our consumer apps span social discovery, mobile Q&A, and e-commerce, and we've already had over 100M users collectively across our properties. Our enterprise visual intelligence platform Hive powers all of our consumer properties in content recommendation, and we have started productizing and commercializing Hive for external customers. We're working with some of the world's largest technology and content businesses to change the way they analyze unstructured image and video data. We are funded by leading investors like Peter Thiel (Founders Fund), General Catalyst, and Formation8. We have ~100 people globally, based in our San Francisco and Delhi offices. Our unique machine learning needs led us to open our own datacenter in early 2016, with an emphasis on GPU resources. Even with our datacenter, we maintain a hybrid infrastructure into AWS to power some parts of our consumer apps. As we continue to commercialize our machine learning models, we also need to grow our DevOps and Systems team to maintain the reliability of a SaaS offering for our customers. The ideal candidate doesn’t need to be actively managed and take automation seriously. You believe there is no task that can’t be automated or server scale too large. You get satisfaction from allowing developers to deploy their servers without worry of downtime! Responsibilities Create automation tools for creating, provisioning, and deploying servers Build tools to streamline the deployment of releases and hot-fixes Configure and monitor data center infrastructure (load balancer, firewall, switches, instances, etc.) Help automate systems for 24x7 monitoring and failure recovery Bring expertise on troubleshooting application, database, and networking performance and failures Continually identify areas for process improvement in the production environment and develop appropriate resolutions About You You take automation seriously You have fought fires at scale, wrestled with lost instances on AWS, and can troubleshoot awry processes and servers with your eyes closed You have at least 2 years of work experience in a Linux-based DevOps role You have AWS cloud management experience You know at least one language well, and enjoy writing code Extremely proficient with the Unix command line, shell scripting, and configuring systems monitoring tools Knowledge of all things networking: TCP / IP, ICMP, SSH, DNS, HTTP, SSL / TLSKnowledge of storage systems, RAID, distributed file systems, NFS?iSCSI / CIFS You have experience with configuration management, monitoring, and automation tools Working knowledge of firewalls, VPN, routing, switching, load balancing, security, and DNS Ability to compile and install Unix application from source, test, and create package managed versions of such You have a strong desire and ability to learn quickly You are excited about providing services that affect tens of millions of users A degree in computer science, or similar, is an added plus! Thank you for your interest in joining Castle. Apply for this job Jobs powered by      Sign in  Candidate registration          Candidate registration        Login  Forgot password        Forgot password       Sign in  Candidate registration                           QUESTIONS?  1-800-667-6389        Contact Us               Login              Products              Products Overview       Pricing         SELL FASTER AND SMARTER       Salesforce Lightning   Help reps sell the way they want, faster.           Learn how         Meet Salesforce Einstein   Introducing artificial intelligence for everyone in your business.           Learn more                                 SALES       Sales Cloud   Sales force automation and CRM        SalesforceIQ   The smart, simple CRM to grow your business        Salesforce Quote-to-Cash   Configure, price, quote (CPQ) and billing automation        Data.com   B2B prospecting and data cleansing        INDUSTRIES       Financial Services Cloud   CRM for banking, insurance, wealth management, and more        Health Cloud   CRM for managing patient relationships        COMMERCE       Commerce Cloud   Digital commerce, point of sale, and order management         SERVICE       Service Cloud   Fully customizable support and help desk        Desk.com   All-in-one customer support for small business        ANALYTICS       Analytics Cloud   Business analytics on any data, any device        Wave Apps   Apps that drive sales insight and customer delight        COMMUNITY       Community Cloud   Connect customers, partners, and employees        Chatter   Enterprise social network         MARKETING       Marketing Cloud   Digital marketing platform        Pardot   B2B marketing automation        Krux   Data management platform        PLATFORM AND APPS       App Cloud   The #1 platform as a service        AppExchange   App, component, and consultant marketplace        Force.com   Lightning apps for everyone        Heroku Enterprise   Scalable apps for developers        INTERNET OF THINGS       IOT Cloud   Platform to connect the internet of things with your CRM                                   Solutions              BY ROLE       Sales       Service       Marketing       IT       BY BUSINESS TYPE       Small Business       Nonprofit       Startups        BY NEED       Lightning       Artificial Intelligence       Mobility       Productivity        BY INDUSTRY       Overview       Industries Overview       Financial Services       Healthcare & Life Sciences       Retail       Manufacturing       Communications       Media       Government       Automotive       Higher Education       Nonprofit                   Services              SERVICES OVERVIEW       Overview       Which services are right for you?       SUCCESS PLANS       What are Success Plans?       Features       Compare Plans        STRATEGIC SERVICES       What are Strategic Services?       Marketing Cloud Services       Advisory Services       Strategic Projects       Experience Design       Innovation & Transformation Center       SALESFORCE UNIVERSITY       Overview       Training by role       Training by cloud       Certifications                   Support              GET SUPPORT       Overview        Get Support        Contact Support        Support Self Service       FIND HELP       Overview        Find Help        Browse Knowledge        Documentation        Training       Trailhead        SUPPORT FROM THE INDUSTRY       Customer Community        Developer Community        Partner Community        AppExchange Marketplace         TOP QUESTIONS       How do I reset my password without the answer to my security question?        Insufficient Privileges Errors        Formula Operators and Functions Overview        Salesforce for Outlook Sync       Troubleshooting Workflow                   Events              EVENTS       Overview       Events Overview       Dreamforce 2016        Developer Events        Webinars       Salesforce LIVE            SALESFORCE LIVE            Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.                           Customers              CUSTOMER STORIES       Small Business       Enterprise            FEATURED STORY            See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.                           About Us              CORPORATE       Our Story       What is Salesforce?       Press       Analyst Reports       Investor Relations       Careers       Trust        Salesforce.org        Equality       Sustainability       Ventures       Leadership       Global Offices       Legal       Public Policy        INSPIRATION       Salesforce LIVE       Salesforce Blog        HIGHLIGHTS       Quarterly Video                      Try for Free          Try for Free                        Login        Products    Products Overview    Pricing    Sales Cloud    SalesforceIQ    Salesforce Quote-to-Cash    Data.com    Financial Services Cloud    Health Cloud    Commerce Cloud    Service Cloud    Desk.com    Analytics Cloud    Wave Apps    Community Cloud    Chatter    Marketing Cloud    Pardot    Krux    App Cloud    AppExchange    Force.com    Heroku Enterprise    IOT Cloud      Solutions    Sales    Service    Marketing    IT    Small Business    Nonprofit    Startups    Lightning    Artificial Intelligence    Mobility    Productivity    Industries Overview    Financial Services    Healthcare & Life Sciences    Retail    Manufacturing    Communications    Media    Government    Automotive    Higher Education      Services    Which services are right for you?    Features    Compare Plans    Marketing Cloud Services    Advisory Services    Strategic Projects    Experience Design    Innovation & Transformation Center    Training by role    Training by cloud    Certifications      Support    Get Support    Contact Support    Support Self Service    Overview    Find Help    Browse Knowledge    Documentation    Training    Trailhead    Customer Community    Developer Community    Partner Community    AppExchange Marketplace      Events    Events Overview    Dreamforce 2016    Developer Events    Webinars    Salesforce LIVE    Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.      Customers    Small Business    Enterprise    See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.      About Us    Our Story    What is Salesforce?    Press    Analyst Reports    Investor Relations    Careers    Trust    Salesforce.org    Equality    Sustainability    Ventures    Leadership    Global Offices    Legal    Public Policy    Salesforce LIVE    Salesforce Blog    Quarterly Video                             Careers     ‹  Back to Careers Home                        What:           Where:               Advanced search       Lead Systems Engineer - Big Data        Share              Show me jobs like this one       Category:  Technology - Infrastructure Engineering   Location:  US - California - San Francisco (HQ)   Post Date: 10/06/2017   Systems Engineer - Big Data Services  Are you a systems engineer with the passion to build reliable, scalable infrastructure in datacenters across the globe? Do you love devops and want to work on automation? We are looking for you! Role: At Salesforce we are scaling big data infrastructure, which stores petabytes of data and processes millions of requests across clusters ranging thousands of nodes. Our big data infrastructure powers the storage and analytical needs of various customer-facing and internal use cases in Salesforce. In this role,  You will use your systems engineering skills to develop, optimize and operate the tools and processes that power the bigdata infrastructure. You are the Service Owner operating Bigdata-as-a-service for all of Salesforce consisting of open-source technologies including Hadoop, HBase, Spark, Yarn, Hive and Zookeeper. You will get a chance to understand how things work with a large-scale production infrastructure with tons of servers across numerous datacenters. You will drive the automation efforts in Shell/Python/Ruby/Java to eliminate manual work involved in building clusters, performing releases and other operational work. You will develop plugins to monitor applications and implement self-healing mechanisms to auto-recover from outages. You will write Puppet Manifests and Jenkins jobs to build, configure and tune systems for performance. Perform various bigdata administration activities like running jobs and migrating data. You will get a chance to improve your communication and collaboration skills working with various other Infrastructure teams across Salesforce. You will be interacting with a highly innovative and creative team of developers, open-source committers and architects. You will evaluate new technologies to solve problems as needed, and also play a significant role in the architectural direction.  Requirements: Following qualities will make you successful at this role,  Strong working experience with Linux Systems Administration and Troubleshooting. Good knowledge of linux internals. Good experience in any of the scripting/programming languages: Shell, Perl, Python, GoLang, Java etc ., Basic knowledge of Networking protocols and components: TCP/IP Stack, Switches, Routers, Load Balancers. Experience or solid interest in maintaining a highly available service on production scale. Experience in any of Puppet, Chef, Ansible or other devops tools. Experience in any of the monitoring tools like Nagios, Graphite, Zabbix etc., Experience working with any of: Java Applications (JVM), Apache, Mysql, PostgreSql, Kerberos, LDAP, Tomcat, Jetty, MongoDB etc., A continuous learner and a critical thinker A team player with great communication skills  Nice to Haves:  Experience in managing large scale web applications in production Experience in working with any of the build tools like Jenkins, ant, maven, git etc., Experience with Docker, Splunk, AWS Knowledge of big data technologies is considered a plus (not mandatory)  Culture: You'll be joining one of the best companies to work for! We take pride in our Ohana Culture at Salesforce.  We strive to make the world a better place We build delightful products that makes our customers happy We empower people to bring the best out of them. We believe in trust, customer success, innovation, giving back, equality for all, wellness, transparency and fun  Company Overview Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes's "World's Most Innovative Company" five years in a row and one of Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For" eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y                           Follow us                 Action    Apply   Print  Email a friend          Popular locations: US - California - San Francisco (HQ)  (417) | UK - London  (79) | Ireland - Dublin  (78) | US - Indiana - Indianapolis  (78) | US - New York - New York  (76)  Popular categories: Sales - Account Executive  (366) | Technology - Software Development  (130) | Solution Engineering  (98) | Customer Success – Professional Services  (77) | Technology - Infrastructure Engineering  (68)    Home  About us  Job search  Privacy policy  Security Statement  All Rights Reserved  Mobile version                        CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389         New to Salesforce?         Why Salesforce      Help Desk Software      Marketing Automation Software      Explore all products      What is cloud computing      Customer success      Product pricing      Subscribe to Salesforce         About Salesforce         Our story      Press      Blog       Careers      Trust       Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Investors          Popular Links         New release features      Salesforce1 Mobile App      AppExchange       Dreamforce       CRM software      Salesforce LIVE      Salesforce for startups              CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389                 * From FORTUNE ® Magazine, March 15, 2017 © 2017 Time Inc. FORTUNE and 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks and are used under License. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Salesforce.                      Americas         América Latina (Español)      Brasil (Português)      Canada (English)      Canada (Français)      United States (English)         Europe, Middle East, and Africa         España (Español)      Deutschland (Deutsch)      France (Français)      Italia (Italiano)      Nederland (Nederlands)      Sverige (Svenska)      United Kingdom (English)      All other countries (English)         Asia Pacific         Australia (English)      India (English)      日本 (日本語)      한국 (한국어)      中国 (简体中文)      台灣 (繁體中文)      All other countries (English)             WORLDWIDE          Terms of Service   Privacy   Responsible Disclosure   Trust   Contact      © Copyright 2017 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States                              Apply Now  Blockchain Engineer  at Consensys  San Francisco    About ConsenSys ConsenSys is a venture production studio focused on building and scaling tools and enterprise software products powered by Ethereum. Our mission is to use these solutions to power the emerging economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet. Our teams are building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security and infrastructure, and more. If you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where being self-directed, determined, and resilient are a requirement, we would love for you to join us.  We are currently seeking Blockchain Engineer to join our Enterprise team. In this position you will be the technical representative for ConsenSys' products and services, working closely with our Business Development Managers and Delivery Leads in our Enterprise organization.  The Role  ConsenSys Enterprise combines expert business knowledge and leading agile processes to offer distinctive support for enterprise IT enablement. You will be joining a team of leading blockchain and enterprise experts to deliver solutions for Fortune 500 level organizations.  A Blockchain Engineer on the Enterprise team is someone who is extremely knowledgeable about the blockchain space, has experiencing developing on top of the blockchain stack (preferably Ethereum), and is passionate about building innovative solutions for the world's leading institutions. You should be knowledgeable of the existing blockchain stack and visionary in your approach to leveraging its components. You should have a background in architecting data-centric, networked, and rapidly changing and growing systems. You will see projects through from technical strategy and wireframes, to the nitty gritty implementation.  Roles:   Working with a team of expert developers to develop blockchain-based decentralized applications for enterprise use  Leading the development of smart contracts and the performance of blockchain integration with existing applications  Establishing and maintaining the environments in which blockchain solutions can be implemented, including development, testing, and production environments  Maintain a continuous integration pipeline for the development and testing of applications  Educate clients and internal development teams on the blockchain-related elements of the stack  You will be required from time to time to work in other areas of the team (front-end development, back-end development, etc)   Requirements   Experience developing on top of Ethereum  Experience developing Solidity smart contracts  Experience in a DevOps environment (blockchain is a plus)  Working with clients  Working with teams of software engineers  Good understanding of continuous integration tools  Good understanding of blockchain test tools (e.g. Truffle)  Experience using blockchain management tools  Working knowledge of the following:   Node.js and related tools  Javascript, C++, & GoLang experience is helpful  Testing  Troubleshooting  Distributed computing  Common IPC/RPC methods and patterns  Solid OS / networking fundamentals  Optimization  Industry standard network architecture           Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Systems Engineer - Tools Development  at Cloudflare  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    About Us  At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today, Cloudflare runs one of the world’s largest distributed networks that powers more than 1.5 trillion pageviews each month across 5 million Internet properties. More than 10 percent of all global Internet requests flow through Cloudflare’s network. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code.  Our customers range from Fortune 500 companies and nonprofits to small businesses and budding entrepreneurs. Every day, about 12,000 new customers sign up. We’re working to create a faster, more secure, and more reliable experience for anyone online and given the scale at which we operate, our mission is big. Our team is hard at work shaping the future of the Internet by solving some of its toughest challenges. Come join us.  About the Department  Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles about 10% of HTTP requests on the Internet today. We also build and run the internal tools that builds and runs our software. The Engineering Team is split into two groups: one handles product development and the other handles operations. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base. The operations team handles one of the world’s largest networks with data centers in 102 cities worldwide.  About the Role  The Systems Engineer - Tools Development will lead efforts in tool smithing, automation, and configuration management. You will contribute to designs for new infrastructure services and refinements to old services. You will research new promising tools and technologies, and ways to more elegantly/ efficiently solve problems. Finally, you will create and maintain documentation on installations, tools, and procedures.  Do you like to make tools that make engineers and developers lives easier? Do you live to break down and solve complex problems by creating practical, maintainable, and scalable solutions? If so please read on.  Responsibilities    Candidates should have experience with modern DevOps tooling for cloud provisioning (jcloud, fog, libcloud etc) and automation tooling like Docker, Chef, Puppet, CloudFormation or Salt.    Experience working with Linux development tool stack    The candidate will be a seasoned programmers in two or more of the mainstream programming languages (Java, C, C++, Go, Scala, Ruby, or Python).    Candidates must take pride in their code and appreciate feedback, discussion, and iteration.    Good communicator with a track record of working well with various engineering teams.    Requirements    Experience with NGINX    Experience with Linux container technologies    Experience with web services and databases    Knowledge of web, security and virtualization technologies    Highly proficient in design and analysis of algorithms and data structures    Continuous deployment infrastructure    Distributed monitoring    It is highly desirable for the candidate to have proven contribution history via github and blogging    Sample Tools We Use    Nginx    Salt    Python    PHP    Postgres    Redis    Docker    Nagios    JIRA    What Makes Us Special  We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet. In 2014, we launched Project Galileo, an initiative through which we partner with global NGOs to identify websites at risk of attack and provide the same state-of-the-art mitigation technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost. Project Galileo equips politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work.  Additionally, in 2016, we announced our partnership with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization that works with companies to create 18-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one. With the lofty goal of shaping the future of the Internet, we’re focused on recruiting the best and the brightest, no matter what.  Cloudflare is a security company. A successful background check is required for employment.  Cloudflare hires the best people based on an evaluation of their abilities and effectiveness.  We don't discriminate against employees on the basis of any other personal characteristic or any classification protected by federal, state or local law.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    GitHub Account Link       LinkedIn Profile (Optional)       Personal Website or Blog (Optional)                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Security Operations Engineer  at Mango Health  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    At Mango Health, our mission is to inspire anyone with a chronic condition to rethink how they manage their health each day. We do this by using expertise in game design and mobile software development and by partnering with leading clinical organizations to trigger earlier, more effective patient interventions.  We are committed to protecting our users’ privacy and our partners’ data. We believe that building and maintaining a secure infrastructure for our products goes beyond just complying with a set of rules: we are constantly working to proactively identify, prioritize, mitigate, and eliminate risks. We are also motivated by the difference we can make in the world, helping people lead healthier, happier lives. If these ideas ring true for you, we’d love to talk!  Responsibilities   Work with the Director of Security to plan, build, and run security operations  Perform administrative tasks on our AWS infrastructure  Stay current on up-and-coming services, tools, and techniques that can make things more reliable, efficient, and secure  Manage end-to-end response to incidents, including investigating what happened, mitigating any risks, restoring function, and recommending and implementing improvements to prevent future incidents  Continue to grow and mature the systems that support our products as our first dedicated systems engineer   Qualifications   Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, related field, or equivalent experience  2+ years experience working with AWS or a comparable cloud service  Familiarity with a modern programming language, such as Python or Ruby  Strong grasp of Linux system administration   Bonus Points   Experience with configuration management and continuous integration systems, as well as other common DevOps tools  Familiarity with operational security tools such as IDS/IPS, log aggregation, and vulnerability scanners   Qualities We’re Looking For   You have a deep interest in security, even if you don’t have experience directly working in the field. You are curious about the evolving ways in which people both attack and defend systems.  You are flexible and willing to help out where needed. You're excited by the idea of joining a small company where your impact will be immediate.  You are eager to communicate cross-functionally, including with less technical team members. You realize that it’s important to understand how different teams use our systems.  You are ready to learn: you are unfazed by the fact that we almost certainly have some technologies you haven’t used before (and we are adding more). We hope you can teach us something new, too!     Note: Mango Health is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity. We welcome all applicants regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Senior Full Stack Engineer/Technical Lead  at Genome Medical  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Who is Genome Medical?  Genome Medical, Inc. is a network of clinical genomics experts using telemedicine to integrate genomic insights into everyday health care.  Our vision is a world where genomic information is fully accessible and integrated into health and well being.  Our mission is to help patients and healthcare providers use genetic services to improve health, lower the cost of care, and prevent disease.  Founded by personalized medicine pioneers Dr. Randy Scott, Dr. Robert Green, and Lisa Alderson, our goal is to bridge the growing gap between available genome technology and current medical practice. As genetic information becomes increasingly important in medicine, there are too few experts to meet the growing demand for interpretation. We are addressing this challenge by creating a scalable, efficient model for lifelong genome-centered health care. To learn more, please visit www.genomemedical.com or find us on Twitter .  Position Summary  Genome Medical seeks an experienced full-stack engineer to help us build top-quality user experiences for our patients and our clinicians. The full-stack engineer will work with our product team to understand business needs, with designers to craft efficient user interfaces, and with both local and remote development teams on frontend and backend implementation. In addition to serving as a day-to-day technical liaison with our development teams, the full-stack engineer will develop mastery of our code base and contribute to hands-on development tasks.  The ideal full-stack engineer has experience developing high quality and maintainable code, knowing when to be scrappy for prototyping and diligent for production, and balancing concurrent development of small incremental features with larger product and architectural evolution.  As Genome Medical grows, this position is likely to afford professional growth opportunities for suitable and motivated candidates.  Responsibilities:   Serve as the development team lead for front-end, back-end, and full-stack projects.  Help set team priorities and build the team’s efficiency, productivity and technical capabilities.  Help build a local engineering team to integrate with a team of 6 highly-skilled remote engineers.  Work with product team to prioritize work within and across projects, consistent with deadlines and business value.  Provide scoping, resourcing and timeline estimates to meet business goals and objectives.  Make architectural decisions that adeptly balance near-term agility and long-term maintainability.  Provide architecture and code review.   Requirements:   5+ years of full-stack experience  Strong skills & experience in systems architecture  Experience in building a reliable, predictable engineering process based on agile processes  Experience in a technical leadership role  Strong organizational skills  Ability to work on and coordinate multiple tasks  Eagerness and aptitude to switch between thinking globally about systems and locally about components  Clear communicator able to distill complex technical concepts into clear written and verbal messages for both technical and non-technical audiences  Collaborative, kind, and assertive, all at the same time   Technology Experience (should have most of these):   Very strong Python and javascript/TypeScript  Front-end development with React, Vue.js  PHP experience desirable  DevOps with docker, docker-compose, salt, ansible, or similar experience  Relational and key-value/document/noSQL database design and practical use  Experience building B2B and B2C API/Web services using REST and/or GraphQL  AWS fundamentals and core services (S3, EC2, EBS, RDS, etc)  Strong experience using Linux in production settings   Pluses:   Previous experience working at startup  HIPAA knowledge or comparable security & privacy experience  Experience working with remote teams          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *                   Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Senior Software Engineer, Docker/Kubernetes  at Sony Interactive Entertainment PlayStation  San Francisco, CA    Recognized as a global leader in interactive and digital entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) is responsible for the PlayStation® brand and family of products and services. PlayStation has delivered innovation to the market since the launch of the original PlayStation in Japan in 1994. The PlayStation family of products and services include PlayStation®4, PlayStation®VR, PlayStation®Vita, PlayStation®3, PlayStation®Store, PlayStation®Plus, PlayStation™Video, PlayStation™Music, PlayStation™Now, PlayStation™Vue, PlayStation®Original and acclaimed PlayStation software titles from SIE Worldwide Studios. Headquartered in San Mateo, California, SIE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation and has global functions and regional headquarters in California, London and Tokyo.  Senior Software Engineer - Docker/Kubernetes/CoreOS  Location: San Francisco (SoMa)  Do you feel right at home in Amazon Web Services​? Anxious to take the helm of Kubernetes and Docker​?  PlayStation is growing rapidly and need your help to build next generation cloud infrastructure and build kick-ass tools​ for our team! In this position, you will be part of top notch engineering team focused on delivering container orchestration solution (Kubernetes) to the organization.  Responsibilities:   Work with a team of talented engineers to help deliver container orchestration solution.  Build great tools around automation of infrastructure; efficiently work in collaboration with cross functional team.   Qualifications:   BS/MS in Computer Science with minimum of 5 years of work experience with a minimum of 2+ years of DevOps.  Knowledge of Linux, Scripting, automation, Cloud, monitoring technologies; previous exposure to Docker, CoreOS, ​Rocket​, or another container platform.  Proven knowledge of network protocols, databases, and security.  Solid experience in deploying and managing resources on AWS.  Able to efficiently tinker and find working solutions around scripting languages, and love to automate everything.  Self-motivated and able to work independently with minimal supervision in a collaborative work environment.  Bonus points for performance engineering and best practices around developing micro services (stuff like 12factor, understanding abstractions between infrastructure and application levels)  Keen interest in lean working, DevOps and Agile methodologies.  Any experience with container orchestration technology is a plus.  Previous experience working on large scale distributed systems is a plus.   Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category.  We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.  We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation.  #LI-SA1         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Location (City) *      Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    By selecting "Yes", I am certifying that, to the best of my knowledge, the information I have provided in this employment application is true and correct. *     Please select Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Sony Interactive Entertainment PlayStation are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Infrastructure Security Manager  at Cloudflare  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA, Austin, TX     About Us:  At CloudFlare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal -- to build a better web. We believe that with our talented team, smart technology and engaged users we can solve some of the biggest problems on the web. We already serve more web traffic than Twitter, Bing, Wikipedia, Amazon, Apple and Instagram combined. Anytime we push a line of code, it affects over 200 million web surfers overnight. We are still a small team, well-funded, growing quickly and focused on building a world-class company.    The Role  Here at CloudFlare we have one of the most sophisticated, fast paced engineering environments you will ever come across. From broad usage of Docker containerization through to highly available ultra-secure build tools it isn't an environment for the faint of heart. We are looking for an Infrastructure Security Manager who wants to lead a team that works to secure the most cutting edge technologies to help us solve security problems at massive scale.  Responsibilities:  We are looking for an Infrastructure Security Manager to lead our infrastructure security team. The ideal candidate can think both tactically in dealing with security incidents and strategically in anticipating future threats against our infrastructure.  This position will need to engage across the CloudFlare organization in support of ongoing initiatives, ensuring that best practices for security and risk management are embedded in project and process life cycles. So the ability to communicate, mentor and guide engineers will be a critical in order to be successful.     Own infrastructure security across the business  Lead security reviews of core infrastructure and services globally.  Lead the team responsible for network and application penetration testing and vulnerability scanning.  Responsible for establishing and maintaining security architecture best practices.  Responsible for managing vulnerability disclosure program.  Work with engineering teams to architect highly performant, secure automated development systems  Work with the Network and Engineering team to maintain a consistent, secure architecture  Own and maintain our security monitoring architecture  Interfaces with customers, partners, and industry peers at security conferences.   Requirements:   5+ years experience in Security Engineering  Good communication and leadership skills.  Comfortable writing code in at least one of PHP, GO, Lua, Java  Familiar with security architecture best practice and current industry recommendations.  Familiar with the challenges of processing security events at scale  Experience in running information security programs, including but not limited to penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, red team exercises.  Knowledge of network-based and system-level attacks and mitigation methods.  Deep knowledge of vulnerabilities and exploits.  Strong foundation in and in-depth technical knowledge of security engineering, computer and network security, authentication and security protocols and applied cryptography.  Strong familiarity with virtualized environments whether hypervisor based or container based and in particular knowledge of the security issues that are specific to them.  Good understanding of high frequency build/delivery and DevOps  Knowledge of vulnerability management using tools like Nessus  Knowledge security SIEMs like AlienVault, SecurityCenter etc  Ability to travel to the data centers positioned worldwide, within North & South America, EMEA and APAC regions     The following requirements are not mandatory but would be advantageous   Knowledge of software defined networks  Knowledge of docker, kubernetes and relevant security requirements  Familiarity with automated vulnerability analysis tools  Familiarity with automated code review tools  Some knowledge of common compliance requirements     Perks:  We offer competitive salaries, equity, fantastic health benefits plan, a new laptop, monthly CalTrain / BART pass for commuters and the opportunity to work with a smart, motivated team where you will see your contribution daily. Our sunny offices are based in SOMA in San Francisco, CA.  Sound like somewhere you'd thrive? We'd love to hear from you. Submit your resume and a short paragraph to introduce yourself.  CloudFlare is a security company.  All prospective employees will be subject to an extensive background check.  CloudFlare is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.              Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      GitHub Account Link       LinkedIn Profile (Optional)       Personal Website or Blog (Optional)                  Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Senior Software Engineer - Data Engineering  at Ellation, Inc.  (View all jobs)  San Francisco        The data engineering team at Ellation is looking for a Senior Data Warehouse Engineer to build the next generation of data infrastructure and business intelligence services.  Responsibilities:   Work closely with business/product stakeholders in understanding requirements and translating them to engineering requirements.  Support and enhance data architecture, data instrumentation, define database schema, create pipe-lining, generate reports/insights.  Define and evangelize data warehouse fundamentals and best practices.  Work across the organization in optimizing data capture (parameters, metadata, etc.).  Work with DevOps in bringing up new data systems and supporting existing data services.  Evaluate SaaS solutions (BI, pipe-lining, etc.) and make build/buy recommendations.   Requirements:   5+ years of SQL experience, schema design, and database programming.  2+ years of NoSQL, MapReduce, and BigData experience.  3-5+ years of experience with Data warehousing.  2+ years of experience with Amazon or similar cloud services.  Experience with BI and data visualization and ETL tools.  Ability to turn business requirements into DB schema design.  Ability to work independently and mentor entry level engineers.  Ability to work directly with external stakeholders to gather requirements and present DB designs.  Excellent verbal and written communication.  Experience in Agile/Scrum development processes.  Ability to work on multiple projects against deadlines.  Ability to advise on data and application integration best practices and optimize performance of ETL programs and solutions  Master's Degree in computer science or equivalent experience   Benefits:   Competitive salary  Health, dental and vision insurance, 401k, and Commuter benefits  Fun, passionate and skilled co-workers  Catered lunch and dinner 4x/week  Pet friendly environment     *Please beware of recent scams to online job seekers. Those applying to our job openings will only be contacted directly from @crunchyroll.com and @ellation.com email accounts. If you have any questions of the authenticity of an Ellation or Crunchyroll job offer, please contact jobs@crunchyroll.com before giving away any personal information.    About Crunchyroll  Crunchyroll is a leading global destination and platform for Japanese anime and Asian content. Through applications including Crunchyroll for iPhone, iPad, Android, Playstation®3, Playstation®4, Xbox LIVE®, AppleTV, Roku, Internet-enabled TVs, set-top boxes, affiliate websites and its own streaming website, Crunchyroll delivers more than 25,000 episodes and 15,000 hours of officially-licensed content from leading Asian media producers direct to viewers translated professionally in multiple languages within minutes of TV broadcast.  The company was founded in 2006 and now has over 700,000 paid subscribers and is a Top 10 SVOD service.  About Ellation, Inc. (General)  Ellation is a leading OTT video business committed to building premium video experiences for passionate superfans and creating a more sustainable direct-to-consumer business model for content creators and programmers. Ellation operates the anime streaming platform Crunchyroll, the crafting site Creativebug, and the recently launched VRV, a curated multi-channel platform for fans of animation, games, sci-fi, fantasy, comedy, horror, and technology.  Ellation is headquartered in San Francisco, CA and is funded by Otter Media, a Joint Venture between The Chernin Group and AT&T.             Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       How did you hear about this job? *        Are you authorized to work in the US without sponsorship? *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                    1-888-991-2791 | 24/7 Live Support  Location | Careers | Contact Us                     Our Process  Services  Case Studies  Clients  Partners  Blog  About Us  Contact                 ClearScale Is Growing  Talk to a Cloud Specialist          Overview  Our Team  Careers  Cloud Resources  Contact Us          We empower teams to achieve their goals  ClearScale is a leading cloud systems integration firm providing a wide range of cloud services including architecture design, development, integration, migration, automation, and managed services. We help Fortune 500 enterprises, mid-sized business, and startups succeed with ambitious, challenging, and unique cloud projects. We architect, develop, and launch innovative and sophisticated solutions using the best cutting-edge cloud technologies.  ClearScale is growing quickly and there is high demand for the services we provide. Clients come to us for our deep experience with key cloud infrastructure, automation, and management providers like AWS, Chef, and Docker.  This is a unique opportunity to make a big impact, enjoy competitive compensation, work on a wide variety of projects for clients across multiple industries, and work alongside some of the best minds in cloud.  See below for open positions and details on how to apply.  Current openings      ClearScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: ClearScale is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at ClearScale are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. ClearScale will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. ClearScale encourages applicants of all ages.           Case Study   Innovation Leadership “Samsung Cloud Print”  Read Case Study        Blog  Robust & Scalable Voter Guide Solution Leveraging Amazon Web Services  Read Blog        White Paper   San Jose Water Company Expedites New Feature Delivery with DevOps Help from ClearScale on AWS  Read White Paper        Case Study   The Big Data Infrastructure That Powers The Globe and Mail’s Article Recommendation Engine  Read Case Study              San Francisco  Headquarters  71 Stevenson St.  Suite 400  San Francisco, CA 94105  O: 1-888-991-2791  F: 1-415-655-6601    Denver  999 18th Street,  Suite 3000  Denver, CO 80202  O: 1-303-357-4738    Phoenix  2266 South Dobson Road  Suite 200  Mesa, AZ 85202  O: 1-480-603-3034    Toronto  100 King Street West  Suite 5600  Toronto, Ontario, M5X 1C9  O: 1-416-479-5447    New York  165 Broadway, 23rd Floor  New York City, NY 10006  O: 1-646-759-3656                    © 2017 ClearScale, LLC. All Rights Reserved.  About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy                        live chat answering service               Sign in  Candidate registration          Candidate registration        Login  Forgot password        Forgot password       Sign in  Candidate registration                           QUESTIONS?  1-800-667-6389        Contact Us               Login              Products              Products Overview       Pricing         SELL FASTER AND SMARTER       Salesforce Lightning   Help reps sell the way they want, faster.           Learn how         Meet Salesforce Einstein   Introducing artificial intelligence for everyone in your business.           Learn more                                 SALES       Sales Cloud   Sales force automation and CRM        SalesforceIQ   The smart, simple CRM to grow your business        Salesforce Quote-to-Cash   Configure, price, quote (CPQ) and billing automation        Data.com   B2B prospecting and data cleansing        INDUSTRIES       Financial Services Cloud   CRM for banking, insurance, wealth management, and more        Health Cloud   CRM for managing patient relationships        COMMERCE       Commerce Cloud   Digital commerce, point of sale, and order management         SERVICE       Service Cloud   Fully customizable support and help desk        Desk.com   All-in-one customer support for small business        ANALYTICS       Analytics Cloud   Business analytics on any data, any device        Wave Apps   Apps that drive sales insight and customer delight        COMMUNITY       Community Cloud   Connect customers, partners, and employees        Chatter   Enterprise social network         MARKETING       Marketing Cloud   Digital marketing platform        Pardot   B2B marketing automation        Krux   Data management platform        PLATFORM AND APPS       App Cloud   The #1 platform as a service        AppExchange   App, component, and consultant marketplace        Force.com   Lightning apps for everyone        Heroku Enterprise   Scalable apps for developers        INTERNET OF THINGS       IOT Cloud   Platform to connect the internet of things with your CRM                                   Solutions              BY ROLE       Sales       Service       Marketing       IT       BY BUSINESS TYPE       Small Business       Nonprofit       Startups        BY NEED       Lightning       Artificial Intelligence       Mobility       Productivity        BY INDUSTRY       Overview       Industries Overview       Financial Services       Healthcare & Life Sciences       Retail       Manufacturing       Communications       Media       Government       Automotive       Higher Education       Nonprofit                   Services              SERVICES OVERVIEW       Overview       Which services are right for you?       SUCCESS PLANS       What are Success Plans?       Features       Compare Plans        STRATEGIC SERVICES       What are Strategic Services?       Marketing Cloud Services       Advisory Services       Strategic Projects       Experience Design       Innovation & Transformation Center       SALESFORCE UNIVERSITY       Overview       Training by role       Training by cloud       Certifications                   Support              GET SUPPORT       Overview        Get Support        Contact Support        Support Self Service       FIND HELP       Overview        Find Help        Browse Knowledge        Documentation        Training       Trailhead        SUPPORT FROM THE INDUSTRY       Customer Community        Developer Community        Partner Community        AppExchange Marketplace         TOP QUESTIONS       How do I reset my password without the answer to my security question?        Insufficient Privileges Errors        Formula Operators and Functions Overview        Salesforce for Outlook Sync       Troubleshooting Workflow                   Events              EVENTS       Overview       Events Overview       Dreamforce 2016        Developer Events        Webinars       Salesforce LIVE            SALESFORCE LIVE            Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.                           Customers              CUSTOMER STORIES       Small Business       Enterprise            FEATURED STORY            See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.                           About Us              CORPORATE       Our Story       What is Salesforce?       Press       Analyst Reports       Investor Relations       Careers       Trust        Salesforce.org        Equality       Sustainability       Ventures       Leadership       Global Offices       Legal       Public Policy        INSPIRATION       Salesforce LIVE       Salesforce Blog        HIGHLIGHTS       Quarterly Video                      Try for Free          Try for Free                        Login        Products    Products Overview    Pricing    Sales Cloud    SalesforceIQ    Salesforce Quote-to-Cash    Data.com    Financial Services Cloud    Health Cloud    Commerce Cloud    Service Cloud    Desk.com    Analytics Cloud    Wave Apps    Community Cloud    Chatter    Marketing Cloud    Pardot    Krux    App Cloud    AppExchange    Force.com    Heroku Enterprise    IOT Cloud      Solutions    Sales    Service    Marketing    IT    Small Business    Nonprofit    Startups    Lightning    Artificial Intelligence    Mobility    Productivity    Industries Overview    Financial Services    Healthcare & Life Sciences    Retail    Manufacturing    Communications    Media    Government    Automotive    Higher Education      Services    Which services are right for you?    Features    Compare Plans    Marketing Cloud Services    Advisory Services    Strategic Projects    Experience Design    Innovation & Transformation Center    Training by role    Training by cloud    Certifications      Support    Get Support    Contact Support    Support Self Service    Overview    Find Help    Browse Knowledge    Documentation    Training    Trailhead    Customer Community    Developer Community    Partner Community    AppExchange Marketplace      Events    Events Overview    Dreamforce 2016    Developer Events    Webinars    Salesforce LIVE    Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.      Customers    Small Business    Enterprise    See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.      About Us    Our Story    What is Salesforce?    Press    Analyst Reports    Investor Relations    Careers    Trust    Salesforce.org    Equality    Sustainability    Ventures    Leadership    Global Offices    Legal    Public Policy    Salesforce LIVE    Salesforce Blog    Quarterly Video                             Careers     ‹  Back to Careers Home                        What:           Where:               Advanced search       Distributed Storage Services Development Engineer        Share              Show me jobs like this one       Category:  Technology - Software Development   Location:  US - California - San Francisco (HQ)   US - Washington - Bellevue   Post Date: 11/01/2017  Distributed Storage Services Development Engineer Are you a distributed systems enthusiast? Storage expert? Or passionate about building high performance, scalable cloud storage technology that supports performance hungry applications? Do you take pride in delivering high quality mission critical enterprise distributed services? If so, you have reached your destination. Join the team that is building the cutting edge low latency, high performance, horizontally scalable cloud based storage services. Candidate must have strong distributed storage systems experience and system programming background to work with a DevOps team that is responsible for developing and running the next generation cloud storage service. You will join the growing team of world class highly motivated software engineers to architect, design, develop, test, and deliver highly complex distributed storage services. Some attributes of successful candidates Experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems on unreliable hardware. Eat, sleep, and breathe services. You have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt. Contributions to open source projects and present at tech talks and papers at conferences. Resolve complex technical issues and drive innovations that improve system scalability, availability, resilience and performance. Capable of driving and delivering thin slices of functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. Passionate about automation and avoid doing things manually. Create, maintain and share technical documentation used by engineers and other team members. Requirements 5+ years of professional experience in systems software development, preferably in the storage stack. 5+ years professional experience in Java, C, Go, C++, Python or other language. Practical knowledge of algorithms, patterns, and tradeoffs of distributed systems' design. Solid understanding of how to configure, deploy, manage and maintain large cloud hosted systems; including auto-scaling, metrics & monitoring, performance tuning, troubleshooting and disaster recovery. Experience delivering on strategic initiatives effectively in a fast paced environment while supporting day-to-day issues. Proficiency with source control, continuous integration, and testing pipelines. The following skills are a plus: Experience with Opensource, especially with storage projects such as Ceph, Apache BookKeeper, Kafka, etc. Hands-on experience with Linux server, and cloud architectures. Good understanding of network technologies like DNS, Load Balancing, SSL, TCP/IP, HTTP. Knowledge of metrics & monitoring (e.g., Splunk, Nagios etc.) and configuration management tools (e.g., Chef, Puppet, Ansible, etc.). Experience with software based compute infrastructure such as AWS, Azure, GCE, OpenStack.                           Follow us                 Action    Apply   Print  Email a friend          Popular locations: US - California - San Francisco (HQ)  (417) | UK - London  (79) | Ireland - Dublin  (78) | US - Indiana - Indianapolis  (78) | US - New York - New York  (76)  Popular categories: Sales - Account Executive  (366) | Technology - Software Development  (130) | Solution Engineering  (98) | Customer Success – Professional Services  (77) | Technology - Infrastructure Engineering  (68)    Home  About us  Job search  Privacy policy  Security Statement  All Rights Reserved  Mobile version                        CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389         New to Salesforce?         Why Salesforce      Help Desk Software      Marketing Automation Software      Explore all products      What is cloud computing      Customer success      Product pricing      Subscribe to Salesforce         About Salesforce         Our story      Press      Blog       Careers      Trust       Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Investors          Popular Links         New release features      Salesforce1 Mobile App      AppExchange       Dreamforce       CRM software      Salesforce LIVE      Salesforce for startups              CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389                 * From FORTUNE ® Magazine, March 15, 2017 © 2017 Time Inc. FORTUNE and 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks and are used under License. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Salesforce.                      Americas         América Latina (Español)      Brasil (Português)      Canada (English)      Canada (Français)      United States (English)         Europe, Middle East, and Africa         España (Español)      Deutschland (Deutsch)      France (Français)      Italia (Italiano)      Nederland (Nederlands)      Sverige (Svenska)      United Kingdom (English)      All other countries (English)         Asia Pacific         Australia (English)      India (English)      日本 (日本語)      한국 (한국어)      中国 (简体中文)      台灣 (繁體中文)      All other countries (English)             WORLDWIDE          Terms of Service   Privacy   Responsible Disclosure   Trust   Contact      © Copyright 2017 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States                              Apply Now  Senior Software Engineer  at Fluxx  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    Fluxx has a mind for technology and a heart for philanthropy. Our cloud-based platform makes collaboration, clarity, and organization of data effortless. Foundations, nonprofits, and corporations can streamline their processes and make better strategic decisions with Fluxx. When these organizations work smarter, they move the needle on what we all care about most – making the world a better place.  In the role of Senior Software Engineer, you’ll play a critical role in  building high-quality, innovative and fully performing software that complies with coding standards and technical design for the Fluxx product suite.  Responsibilities:   Design and execute user-facing features and applications for the Fluxx product suite  Produce high-quality software that is unit tested, code reviewed, and checked in regularly for continuous integration  Provide technical leadership, driving and performing best engineering practices to initiate, plan, and execute large-scale, cross-functional, and company-wide critical programs  Responsible for delivering projects end-to-end on production  Work cross functionally with engineers, designers, QA and product managers   Qualifications:   At least 4 years experience building, debugging, and scaling web apps  Proficiency with SQL and Unix  Deep foundation in computer science with a strong understanding in data structures, and algorithms  Strong communication and collaboration skills  Dedication to writing maintainable, fast, beautiful code  Desire to learn and mentor  Passionate about Fluxx’s vision to become THE company that changes Philanthropy forever   You’ll have a better chance of success given experience with:   Working in at least some of our stack:   Ruby, Rails  jQuery, React  Java  Scala, Play  Redis, Resque  Elasticsearch  MySQL   Devops and AWS  RESTful APIs  Understanding and fixing bugs fast  Planning, estimating, and writing new features with designers and product managers  Testing and documenting your code          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *        Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)? *     --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Fluxx are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                                               Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation    Toggle navigation                Sign In      FAQ      Style Guide    Women    Men        Gift Cards         Get Started  Sign In                          Careers at Stitch Fix  Stitch Fix empowers people to be their best selves—professionally and personally.         We’re a team of bright, kind, goal-oriented individuals who care deeply about achieving great things. We know our individual strengths, but believe that we’re strongest together. Our company is transforming the retail experience as we know it—and we need your big ideas. We just might be the perfect fit.        View All Jobs             Have a question?  Visit our FAQ »   More info         The service   Help Center  Contact Us  Gift Cards  iPhone App  Plus Sizes  Maternity  Petite  Premium Brands  Style Guide    Women    Men        The company   About Us  Press  Influencer Program  Careers  Tech Blog     Have a question?   FAQ  Help Center  Contact Us       Women  Men     Follow us      Facebook      Instagram      Pinterest      Twitter       Women /stitchfix  Men /stitchfixmen    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen    Women /stitchfix  Men /stitch-fix-men    Women @stitchfix  Men @stitchfixmen             Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Supply Chain Information | Ad Choices   Stitch Fix and Fix are trademarks of Stitch Fix, Inc.          x        Sorry, we're not available right now  Our team will call you back tomorrow morning.  Please tell us your name.   Enter your U.S. phone number.                            Apply Now  Senior Software Engineer, Applications  at Syapse  (View all jobs)  San Francisco    About Us:  Syapse is a market leader in precision oncology solutions that helps health systems and providers deliver cutting-edge treatments, resulting in better health outcomes and lower costs. Syapse offers a robust software platform that brings together previously fragmented clinical, molecular, treatment, and outcomes data for delivery within a physician’s workflow. In addition, Syapse customers have access to the Syapse network, the largest precision oncology data-sharing consortium in the world.  Leading health systems, including Intermountain Healthcare, Providence St. Joseph Health, and Stanford Cancer Institute, have adopted Syapse to manage nearly one million active cancer cases across 25 states and in nearly 300 hospitals. The company was founded by Stanford-trained scientists and is backed by Ascension Ventures, Safeguard Scientifics (NYSE:SFE), Social Capital, GE Ventures, Intermountain Healthcare Innovation Fund I, LP.  Come join the team that is transforming healthcare and making meaningful improvements in the lives of cancer patients.  About the role:  Syapse is seeking a Sr. Software Engineer to own the process of building scalable architecture, writing robust, encapsulated code, understanding the larger picture--these are all qualities Syapse engineers value when building a product to transform the practice of medicine.  Today, with the help of Syapse, doctors are harnessing complex clinical and genomic data to improve and extend the lives of cancer patients.  Syapse’s reach includes some of the biggest names in cancer care, and we are making meaningful improvements in the lives of cancer patients.  The Application team sits at the nexus of the Syapse platform.  We transform complex data into understandable APIs, coordinate with our powerful semantic data platform, and scale our systems to handle hundreds of thousands of patients and their medical data.  We work in agile, cross-functional teams to deliver an industry-leading precision medicine data platform.  Some projects we work on:   Building efficient queries on a significant fraction of the cancer population to provide medical professionals guidance into proper treatments  Allow different healthcare systems to share patient data and unlock even greater insights  Translate complex, and sometimes messy, healthcare data into a standard form   Some things you’ll be doing:   Deliver features through our Python / Django / Postgres stack  Scale out several orders of magnitude to handle both the vast quantities of data, and the increasing number of users  Develop internal tooling to improve reliability and efficiency  Define robust contracts between different areas of the platform  Bring projects from all the way from conceptualization to development to deployment   Some skills we’re looking for:   Computer Science or closely related degree is required; advanced degree is a plus  Ten years of experience building sophisticated server-side platforms  Expert Python skills; Java skills also welcome  Comfort with standard web application issues  Building smart, understandable and versioned APIs  Unafraid to stretch outside the application into DevOps and the semantic store  Big data experience          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                     Apply Now  Solution Architect  at CloudBees  (View all jobs)  Nationwide    CloudBees is looking for a PreSales Engineer to join the CloudBees Americas sales organization. This role is key for our sales organization. The position involves working side-by-side with the sales team, uncovering and developing opportunities by articulating the technical options for potential customers. While this role requires technology depth and awareness, this is a sales-driven position. The role carries a quota and directly impacts the revenue of the company. The ideal candidate will have been involved in the continuous integration, continuous delivery and DevOps space with strong interpersonal skills. Prior technical sales positions and experience would be helpful.  This is an amazing opportunity for a sales engineer to become an expert in what’s soon to become the future of software development, and to work closely with recognized experts in the continuous integration, continuous delivery and DevOps markets.  Responsibilities:   Become an expert on all things related to Jenkins, continuous integration, continuous delivery and DevOps  Serve as a liaison between sales, support, engineering and the customer/prospect  Field more advanced user questions to sales for possible upsell to annual/global deals  Understand the company’s products, competitors, value proposition and positioning  Assist the sales team on calls and e-mail exchanges with prospects  Maintain and develop FAQ fed by information from customers, prospects and the sales team  When recurring questions are identified, writing technical content to increase the Knowledge Base and creating videos/webcasts and other content  Work with the product team to identify product priorities discovered in field engagements  Attend trade shows, when appropriate  Deliver regular demos of the product (Google Hangout, webcast, etc.)   Qualifications:   Bachelor’s degree in related field  Hands-on experience with continuous integration and its real-world role in delivering software  Familiarity with Jenkins or other CI products/services  Understanding of agile development processes and how organizations adopt and implement those processes  Familiarity with DevOps and toolchain associated with it, such as Jenkins, Chef, Puppet and other deployment automation technologies  At least four years of software development background (Java preferred)  Direct experience with application servers and development frameworks  Familiarity with continuous integration (e.g., Jenkins), source code control systems (e.g., Git, SVN), build automation tools (Ant, Maven, Gradle, etc.)     At CloudBees, we truly believe that the more diverse we are, the better we serve our customers. A global community like Jenkins demands a global focus from CloudBees. Organizations with greater diversity—gender, racial, ethnic, and global—are stronger partners to their customers. Whether by creating more innovative products, or better understanding our worldwide customers, or establishing a stronger cross-section of cultural leadership skills, diversity strengthens all aspects of the CloudBees organization.  In the technology industry, diversity creates a competitive advantage. CloudBees customers demand technologies from us that solve their software development, and therefore their business problems, so that they can better serve their own customers. CloudBees attributes much of its success to its worldwide work force and commitment to global diversity, which opens our proprietary software to innovative ideas from anywhere. Along the way, we have witnessed firsthand how employees, partners, and customers with diverse perspectives and experiences contribute to creative problem solving and better solutions for our customers and their businesses.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile *        Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                        Blog  News  Events  AC Academy   EN  |  PT                  Home  Who We Are  What We Do  Portfolio  Partners  Careers  Contact     Blog  News  Events  AC Academy            EN  PT               Home  Who We Are  What We Do  Portfolio  Partners  Careers  Contact     Blog  News  Events  AC Academy            EN  PT         Sr. Cloud Engineer  San Francisco, CA       Apply For This Job   Share this job:        Avenue Code is an eCommerce consulting firm headquartered in San Francisco, with two additional office locations in Brazil. We are privately funded, profitable, and have been on a solid growth trajectory since day one. We care deeply about our clients, our partners and our people. We prefer the word "partner" over "vendor" and our investment in professional relationships is a reflection of that philosophy. We pride ourselves on our technical acumen, our collaborative problem-solving ability, and the warmth and professionalism of our staff.  About the opportunity:  Would you like to be part of a team that architects, designs and builds an end-to-end premium deployment platform to be used within our client? Their product was designed to meet the needs of the evolving media consumer, including access to multiple forms of content on any device via streamlined, personalized, intuitive, simple experiences.  It’s a cloud based media platform that has the unique ability to change, and delivers both real time television as well as recorded, play anytime anywhere content. The user experience is highly customizable with dynamic channel mapping, timely. This Cloud Services team provides the necessary framework and tools to enable the efficient and rapid deployment of services to the various Clouds.  This team works across DevOps and Operators to provide the building blocks in a simple, automated and trusted manner. Leveraging the framework and the building block, this team provides solutions that optimize how we build, deploy and manage assets.  What You Will Be Doing:   You will be designing, developing and delivering scalable product architecture  Both on-going development and an opportunity to work on the development of new products  Conduct design and code review to ensure compliance with standards and best practices  Working with remote teams around the globe  Collaborating with Data Scientist team to take models and deploy them into production   Required Qualifications/Technical Skills:   A bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science or related field with 7+ years of experience  An expert in Java and Python, and experience with C++ a big bonus  Cloud technology, and virtualization with Docker  Experience with Kubernetes essential  A passion for communication, software development and cloud computing  We need someone who likes to write automation scripts, has solid real world experience with the tools and is used to working in a team environment  Able to thrive in a fast paced, high energy and fun work environment that is agile (ie. Scrum) and deliver value incrementally and frequently   Does this sound like you? Apply now to become an Avenue Coder!    Apply For This Job  Find More Openings   Share this job:             Apply For This Job  Job Description  Find More Openings   Share this job:           Apply For This Job       First Name        Last Name        Email        Phone        LinkedIn Profile        How did you hear about this job?        Do you have the right to work in the U.S. indefinitely without any sponsorship or other legal support from your employer?      If no, please explain the support you would need from your employer.        What is your availability to start a new position?   Now   1 week   2 weeks   3 weeks   1 month+       What are your salary requirements?        Are you available for opportunities requiring relocation?   No    Yes        Attach Resume *  Choose file...        Attach Cover Letter  Choose file...      Submit  Your application was sent successfully. We look forward to reviewing your resume. Should there be a match a member of our Talent Acquisition team will reach out. In the meantime you can check other available positions and learn more about what we do.      Loading          Not a fit?  Find More Openings               Upcoming Events      Latest Blog Posts     Latest News              About Us   Who We Are  What We Do  Portfolio  Partners  News  Events  Blog  Contact     Our Offices   San Francisco  +1 415 766 4178  ac.inquiries@avenuecode.com    Belo Horizonte  +55 31 2516 1448  brazil.info@avenuecode.com    São Paulo  +55 11 3205 3232  brazil.info@avenuecode.com    New York  ac.inquiries@avenuecode.com     We're Hiring!   San Francisco  Belo Horizonte  New York  São Paulo   Get Updated           Application successfully sent!           ©2015 - 2017 Avenue Code         ©2015 - 2017 Avenue Code                ×    CONTACT US         My team uses Salesforce.          Submit  or call 888-684-8821     Thank you, we'll be in touch!           ×    TRY GETFEEDBACK FOR FREE         My team uses Salesforce.                      By creating an account you are agreeing to the GetFeedback Terms of Use and Privacy Policy          ×                 Home    Salesforce    Pricing    What is CX?    Customers    Resources    Features    Careers    Create Free Account                Sign In    Create Free Account      Salesforce    Pricing    What is CX?    Customers    Resources    Features    Sign In    Try for Free           Front-End Engineer  San Francisco or Remote          Back to all jobs   Who are we looking for?  GetFeedback is poised to establish a leadership position in the emerging customer experience (CX) space. We have a killer product, an amazing team, and an enthusiastic customer base -- and ambitious plans to expand all three.  We’re looking for a great front-end software engineer with full stack aspirations to play a key role in realizing our product vision.  As an engineer at GetFeedback, you’ll write awesome, foundational code and help to mature important processes as we aggressively expand the product and grow the engineering team.  What does a strong candidate for this role look like?  You’re a tried-and-true web app developer with a solid command of the modern web app front end. You love building rich interfaces with the latest browser technologies, and you relish the idea of learning-by-doing while tackling interesting server-side challenges with the support of a talented team amid a well-architected application environment. Your code is performant, scalable, forward-thinking, well-organized, and thoughtfully written.  You’re adept at navigating the moving parts involved in turning ideas into working software, including collaborating with designers, product managers, and other developers. This also means that you’re able to maintain a clear understanding of broader product and organizational goals, so we can depend on your sense of ownership to identify and drive important decisions and to prioritize effectively.  What’s in it for you?   An opportunity to work on a consumer-front-end, enterprise-grade-back-end SaaS app, used by many of the largest and most exciting companies in the world  A chance to test and hone your engineering chops as we expand into exciting and challenging new product areas like predictive analytics  An opportunity to stretch yourself and move as quickly as possible toward “full stack” status  An exciting ride in a fast-growing company   Qualifications  GetFeedback is a modern, responsive web app.  You should be very comfortable in the following areas:   Ember.js or equivalent modern web UI framework  HTML5  CSS3  JavaScript   We want our engineers to be learning, growing, and either capable of or working toward tackling whole projects across the stack.  It would be great if you have experience (or at least rabid interest) in:   Ruby on Rails or equivalent web app framework  PostgreSQL or other major RDBMS   To be most successful, you should have experience in:   Agile development  Working with other developers through architecture discussions and code reviews  Test automation  DevOps and Continuous Delivery   We look forward to hearing from you!                  Company   About Us  Customers  Careers  Philanthropy  Blog  News     Product   Features  Plans and Pricing  Salesforce Integration  Security  Support  Create an Account     Surveys   Free Survey Templates  Customer Satisfaction Surveys  Net Promoter Score Surveys  Event & Conference Surveys  Marketing & Product Surveys  Employee Engagement Surveys     Industries   High Tech  Financial Services  Manufacturing        is made in San Francisco, CA
 
• 888-684-8821 • Terms of Use • Privacy Policy •
 
© 2017 GetFeedback, Inc.                                     Apply Now  Solutions Engineer, Business Development  at ThousandEyes  San Francisco, CA    About ThousandEyes  The name ThousandEyes was born from two big ideas: the power to see things not ordinarily possible and the ability to collect insights from a multitude of vantage points. As organizations rely more on cloud services and the Internet, the network has become a black box they can't understand. ThousandEyes gives organizations visibility into the now borderless network, arming them with an accurate understanding of how the network impacts their applications, users and customers. ThousandEyes is used by some of the world's largest and fastest growing brands, including all of the top 5 global software companies, 5 of the top 6 US banks, and 45 of the Fortune 500. ThousandEyes is backed by Sequoia Capital, Sutter Hill Ventures, Tenaya Capital, Google Ventures and Salesforce Ventures, with headquarters in San Francisco, CA.  About the Role  We are looking for a Business Development Solutions Engineer to join our team and help us establish and work closely with existing and potential strategic partners. You will work in conjunction with a business development sales team as a technical advisor, mentor, and advocate for the solution. You will actively drive and manage the technology evaluation stage of the sales process.  You will have the opportunity to articulate the solution to both business and technical audiences, answer technical questions on deployment, integration and supported use-cases, and help use the solution to identify and troubleshoot network and application performance problems.  You must possess a patient demeanor, and be skilled in developing and maintaining technical relationships to grow the partnerships.  The candidate should possess the following:   Excellent presentation, communication, and problem-solving skills  Strong understanding of application and network protocols (e.g., HTTP, DNS, TCP/IP, BGP)  Knowledge of application and network infrastructures  Knowledge of unified communications  Experience with application and network performance analysis solutions  Experience with packet analysis of network and application protocols  Experience with scripting languages (e.g., Python, Perl, Javascript)  Experience with Apple, Linux and Microsoft operating systems   Business knowledge and experience:   Domain knowledge and experience in the following areas:  Network Performance Monitoring, Application Performance Monitoring, Security, DevOps, IT Operations Management, and Cloud  A knowledgeable understanding of financial services, insurance, telecommunications, or retail markets, with a proven track record of selling into these verticals.  Must understand the business challenges, drivers, technology, and market challenges of these types of organizations.  Previous experiences working in or with Value Added Reseller, Systems Integrator and SaaS companies  Understanding of primary sales drivers for partners. i.e. Margin/MDF, comprehensive offering, services, etc  Ability to participate in account/business planning sessions to identify new and follow-up solution, services, and education opportunities  Ability to develop and articulate business value and ROI   Responsibilities include:   Write and deliver excellent business-focused and technical presentations  Provide onsite and remote solution demonstrations to partners and customers  Understand partner technologies and solution offerings to recommend solution fit  Deliver and manage trial engagements  Respond to the functional and technical elements of tender documents (RFIs/RFPs)  Answer sophisticated technical and competitive questions, and address customer and partner concerns  Work closely with technical sales team to develop and improve working practices, best practices, and processes  Overcome sales obstacles using creative and adaptive approaches  Represent the company at conferences and trade show field events  Develop and contribute technical material. (e.g., business cases and ROI, competitive documents)  Communicate and deliver technical to C-level product messaging  Conduct and coordinate regular training, enablement, and partner certification sessions  Advocate for partners to ensure they have a voice within the community   Additional responsibilities include:   Support the technical sales process  Assist sales in technical prospecting to help uncover opportunities  Demonstrate solution to showcase capabilities and use-cases  Build and maintain a technical and trusted advisor relationship with customers  Support customers during solution trials  Scope and architect solution deployments  Present to decision makers during trial wrap-up meetings    Participate as a member of the Solutions Engineering teams  Participate on weekly team meetings  Participate in quarter business review sales meetings  Present technical topics and successful wins  Share technical challenges and ways to overcome  Interact with team to ask questions, share experiences, and exchange ideas  Help establish and enhance demonstration material showcasing the solution  Research technical topics impacting the industry to grow as an industry leader    Interface with Marketing  Support trade shows and networking events  Support ThousandEyes Connect events  Contribute to blog and social media posts  Suggest and contribute to white-papers and case-studies    Interface with Product Management and Engineering  Provide solution feedback from hands-on use and customer interaction  Record solution suggestions and enhancements through Customer Success  Participate and provide feedback on internal and external solution beta programs    Interface with Customer Success  Coordinate with Customer Success in providing post-sales support (training, deployment, support, etc.)  Encourage and guide customers to utilize Customer Success as an extension of their NOC to help ensure success     Requirements:   8+ years of experience and proven track record in a Technical Sales or related profession  A degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related field  Strong written and verbal communication skills  Experience with Salesforce  Significant travel possible          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City)     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship to work in the U.S.? *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Software Engineer - DevOps  at Mode  (View all jobs)  San Francisco     Data analysis is plagued by a fundamentally flawed workflow that leads to slow turnaround times, high error rates, and fewer insights. By combining analytics tools with a collaborative user experience, Mode is alleviating the most pressing bottleneck for analytical organizations. We are looking for a DevOps web engineer to join us in revolutionizing the way the world analyzes data. This person will be an integrated part of our core engineering team.   What you'll do    Work with the rest of our software engineers to build application services that power our core product  Research and evaluate technologies for what we build - determine priorities by estimating projects' potential impact  Configuration management  Expand and improve our build and release automation process  Work with our team to define and implement security practices  Learn from others and teach those around you - you'll be the second full-time DevOps engineer at Mode!    What we look for    Strong software development background with experience in at least one scripting language  You love to automate yourself out of a job  Tons of experience with configuration management tools  Experience with testing, continuous integration, and continuous deployment  Familiarity with security and networking a plus    Tools we use    SaltStack and AWS CloudFormation for configuration management and orchestration  Docker  A wide array of AWS services including EC2, RDS and Redshift  New Relic and Wavefront for monitoring  SumoLogic for log management  GitHub and Travis CI    About Mode  Mode is a collaborative analytics platform that brings teams together around data to make game-changing decisions.  In everything we do, we strive to put the people we do it for first. This starts internally: together we're building a culture that embraces diversity and learning, humility and gratitude. At the same time, we try not to take ourselves too seriously and strive for a healthy balance between work and personal pursuits.  Benefits you can expect as a Mode employee:    Generous, flexible PTO and family leave  Flexible work schedules—we trust you to know what will make yourself most productive  Generous professional development policy that includes funds earmarked for each employee's discretionary professional growth—Have a conference you want to attend? A class you want to take? If it's helping take your career to the next level, it's on us.  Excellent health coverage for team members and their families (Mode pays the 100% of the premiums)  Supportive work environment and a manager who is focused on your professional growth  Company events that highlight our team's passions and hobbies  Snacks and in-office lunches shared at our ever-growing lunch table    Mode is committed to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcome people from all backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives.          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Mode are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Software Engineer - DevOps San Francisco, CA Clients Platform & Product Development – Science Full-time Apply for this job The Science Engineering team is looking for a DevOps Engineer to help us build usable, scalable, and reliable systems. Our team develops and operates the real-time behavioral data pipeline, which collects, processes, and distributes data to other teams. You would make every step of the software lifecycle faster through better tools, processes, and abstractions, and build tools to manage distributed infrastructure running on Spark and Hadoop. Our systems power decision making throughout the company through hundreds of end users, and we have a constantly growing list of systems that consume our data. Responsibilities Learn, extend, and maintain Science Engineering’s build, deploy, config, metrics, and alerting systems Work with other engineers to determine tool requirements, then drive the implementation, documentation, maintenance, and improvement of these tools Review current tools to identify deficiencies Keep up with tool ecosystems, both internal and external, and integrate the best into science engineering Develop and communicate a clear vision of how products should function Participate in creating standard frameworks and libraries for internal tools Requirements 2+ years experience in software development Background in Linux/Unix Automation and Administration Experience with containerization like Docker and lxc Experience with automation/configuration management using either Ansible, Puppet, Chef or an equivalent Excellent command of at least one programming language Excellent communicator and team player A strong desire to minimize the operational overhead of systems, large and small Experience orchestrating distributed systems such as Spark and Hadoop Ability to learn new languages (Go, Python) and technologies quickly You know how to ship code in fast, iterative cycles Bonus Points A degree in Computer Science or equivalent academic background Experience with big data and data visualization Hands-on experience building services using Amazon Web Services Avid user of Twitch or passion for video games Perks Full benefits, including medical, dental, vision and life 401(k) savings plan with a company match Catered daily lunch and dinners (and hearty breakfasts three times a week) Unlimited snacks and drinks Monthly in-office massages Corporate gym membership Commuter benefits Flexible time off policy Weekly happy hours and opportunity to attend one gaming event or tournament Top of the line technology to help you build your own workspace Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at http://twitch.tv . We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. #LI-MS1 Apply for this job Twitch Home Page Jobs powered by                      Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Senior Java Back end Engineer    Energize Recruitment ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 3 weeks ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Senior Java Back end Engineer    Edit     Skill: Java,AWS,REST API Design,Java Engineer,Back End Developer    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Java, AWS, REST API Design, Java Engineer, Back End Developer          Full Time            120000-150000            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Job title: Senior Java Back End Engineer Location: San Francisco Would you like to work for a company that is poised to redefine how enterprises of all sizes distribute money owed to customers? How does working for a company that is actually changing how companies interact with their consumers sound? A company that boasts clients such as PayPal, Ebay and Amazon. You will be part of building a unique SaaS platform that Is already changing the industry standard of how companies and governments distribute funds back to their customers. The roadmap that you will be involved in includes an array of additional services, so every project you will be involved in is greenfield. No Legacy or brownfield projects here. You will be joining a profitable and funded company that are leveraging the latest technologies to help scale and build beautiful solutions for their customers. You should have strong skills in Java, and be able to hold yourself in Scrum meetings and be able to put your views and opinions forward in a clear concise manner. This isn’t a company where you will just sit and code, you will get involved in all aspects of development and problem solving. As a senior member of the company you will provide technical leadership, driving and performing best engineering practices to initiate, plan and execute large scale and cross functional programs on schedule. If you have strong experience in object orientated design, testing patterns and 5+ years with Java, a strong understanding in REST API Design, and interest in DevOps(Specifically AWS), strong competencies in data structures, microservices, algorithms, software design and looking to join a company with excellent pay and benefits then let’s have a conversation! Please contact Jakew@Energizerec.com/ +1 347 918 3501       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Jake Whitby  730 Arizona Avenue
				
				
					
						Santa Monica, CA, 90401  Contact               Dice Id : 90995892    Position Id : 203879      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Senior Java Developer (PERM)   Avesta Computer Services  Foster City, CA     Java J2EE Developer   Horizon Technologies Inc.  Palo Alto, CA     Java Backend Developer   Renovite  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    Java Server Side Developer/ UI Developer   AppsIntegration, Inc.  Pleasanton, CA     Full time Senior Java Engineer (Springboot, Microservices)   Intelliswift Software Inc  San Francisco, CA     Principal Software Engineer- Back-End   Enterprise Solutions  San Bruno, CA     Senior Java Developers for exciting Start up company   Nextphase Recruiting  Burlingame, CA     Java Developer (5229)   Embedded Resource Group, Inc  Foster City, CA     Sr Technical Lead Developer / Technical Architect- Java   HCL America Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Java Developer/Sr. Developer   Capgemini  Menlo Park, CA     Sr. Java Tech Lead   Nisum Technologies  Fremont, CA     Senior Software Engineer (VR001)   Radiansys, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Senior Java Developer   Tailored Brands  Fremont, CA     Senior, App Back-end Engineer   Serverlogic  San Mateo, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Senior Java Back end Engineer with Energize Recruitment through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                                              1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Release Manager     Job Category:   Technology - Technology Program Management     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ)     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        Release Manager Location: San Francisco, CA About the Challenge: As a Software Release Manager at Salesforce you are responsible for the continuous delivery of application releases supporting mission critical services used by the world’s largest enterprises. You leverage product management practices to define and program management practices to lead innovative initiatives focused on customer experience, scalability, continuous delivery and team development. You use agile methodologies to plan, coordinate, and lead deployments of major product releases, weekly patches, and daily changes in a SaaS environment. You are a Multiplier, and constantly look for ways to make other teams successful. You understand that the success and productivity of the hundreds of scrum teams you interact with is critical to enabling continuous change. You combine customer empathy and your passion for moving fast to deliver frequent, high quality releases that benefit our customers and partners and motivate our engineers. About the Team: Salesforce’s Release Management Team is a collaborative, fast-moving group thriving in a diverse culture of rapid delivery, [r]evolution, and innovation. Our top priority is to ensure a great customer experience as we release a constant flow of change across our products and infrastructure. Release Managers are motivated, adventurous, bold, and invested in disrupting internal process while preserving customer trust. About the Expectations: You are a bold leader who is visionary, makes data-informed decisions, takes smart risks and is effective at influencing all levels of stakeholders. You are able to communicate clearly to everyone from Executives to individual contributors. You have experience working in Agile environments. You love customers and partners. Bonus points if you are familiar with DevOps best practices and/or have experience managing B2B or B2C Cloud Application releases. You seek opportunities to be mentored and to mentor others. You have an insatiable desire to learn, and you leverage the analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills that you learned through your bachelor’s degree in CS, Business, or another interesting field to lead cross-functional teams and deliver [r]evolutionary solutions. We encourage you to be courageous and ask questions, promote new ideas, and leverage data to challenge existing assumptions. Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” five years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y      Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Release Manager position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today    Skip to main content  Skip to Footer                   Click the menu icon to display the main navigation.      Type anywhere at any time to use our smart search tool.            Search  Type to search           SIGN IN       MENU               STRATEGY  CONSULTING  DIGITAL  TECHNOLOGY  OPERATIONS  INDUSTRIES  TRENDING NOW  CAREERS    About Accenture  Corporate Citizenship  Inclusion and Diversity  Investor Relations  Leadership  Newsroom              Consulting Home   Technology Consulting           Digital Home   Accenture Analytics   Accenture Interactive   Accenture Mobility           Technology Home   Accenture Labs   Application Services   Artificial Intelligence   Cloud       Microsoft   Oracle   SAP   Delivery           Operations Home   As a Service   Business Process Services   Journey to Cloud           Automotive and Industrial   Banking   Capital Markets   Chemicals   Communications and Media   Consumer Goods and Services   Energy   Health   High Tech       Insurance   Life Sciences   Natural Resources   Public Service   Retail   Software and Platforms   Travel   Utilities           Artificial Intelligence   Blockchain   Cloud   Future Workforce   Internet of Things   Security           Careers Home   Accenture Strategy   Accenture Consulting   Accenture Digital   Accenture Technology   Accenture Operations   Accenture Security   Corporate Functions       Culture and values   Training and development   The employee experience   Students and Graduates   Experienced hire   Search and apply   US Workforce Demographics         Scroll  Swipe                        Print                 Job Listing                      ﻿  {"countries":[{"CountryName":"Brazil","Locale":"pt-BR","Language":"pt-BR","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-en","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-zh","Language":"zh-CN","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"France","Locale":"fr-fr","Language":"fr-fr","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Germany","Locale":"de-de","Language":"de","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Italy","Locale":"it-it","Language":"it","SiteCode":"10140"},{"CountryName":"Japan","Locale":"jp-ja","Language":"ja","SiteCode":"10001"},{"CountryName":"Spain","Locale":"es-es","Language":"es","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"United Kingdom","Locale":"gb-en","Language":"en-GB","SiteCode":"10003"},{"CountryName":"USA","Locale":"us-enTaleo","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10003"}]}        Full-Stack Javascript Developer Specialist    Job Location:  CA - San Francisco    Regional Description:  West    Job Number:  00488532  00488532_en    APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB               -  Job description    Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world.  The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance.  Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  People in our Client Delivery & Operations career track drive delivery and capability excellence through the design, development and/or delivery of a solution, service, capability or offering. They grow into delivery-focused roles, and can progress within their current role, laterally or upward.  Liquid Studios will be located in various cities where Accenture has a high concentration of clients who need software developers they can work with face-to-face, using Agile methods of delivery.  This studio is based in Redwood City, CA ( Silicon Valley area.)    Liquid Studio residents and client guests collaborate on development of “new IT” solutions using liquid software development techniques, beginning with rapid prototyping and construction of business applications, and applying the latest in design thinking and Agile approaches to interactively assemble adaptive applications from modular, proven components. Teams will work in small groups of up to 10 software engineers.    Liquid Studios will also be able to take advantage of global centers of innovation (such as Silicon Valley) to attract talent and creative energy from the ecosystem, creating an osmotic effect for experimentation using new tools and approaches and fostering an environment where new styles of working are combined with real-world challenges of building applications for the digital era.    Liquid Studio teams will also be able to tap into the power of Accenture’s broader ecosystem partnerships, Global Delivery Network and Accenture Digital capabilities. We have more than a decade of experience in Agile and DevOps along with Accenture tools and assets that can be leveraged to enable continuous liquid delivery.      +  Basic qualifications     Basic Qualifications:   Minimum 2 years of Modern Web Architectures design including Single Page Applications and client/API architecture  Minimum 2 years of application design and development including Responsive Web Applications with deep expertise in one of the following technologies – Backbone.js, AngularJS, and React  Minimum 2 years of experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as git, GitHub, Jira, Phabricator, Jenkins, or equivalents  Minimum 2 years of Experience with agile development (SCRUM, Kanban, etc.) and/or Test Automation (behavior, unit, integration testing with tools like cucumber, mocha, or wslite*    Preferred Qualifications:    Minimum 1 years of API development, preferably using Node.js  Minimum 3 years of experience in JavaScript  Minimum 1 years of experience with testing using TDD or BDD with 1 or more testing frameworks (e.g. Mocha/Chai, Jasmine)  Minimum 1years of experience in any of the following languages or technologies: Java, Groovy, Ruby, PHP, or Python •,Installation, configuration and development including work within a production environment  Experience with Responsive Design frameworks, preferably with Twitter Bootstrap or Zurb Foundation  Experience in developing high performing client-side applications  Knowledge of: CSS/CSS3  Knowledge of what works in specific browsers.Responsive CSS (Mobile First, Bootstrap),Semantic HTML and HTML5,JS based languages such as Coffeescript and Typescript  Candidates who are currently on assignment as part of the Global Careers program are not eligible for consideration.    Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).    Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.    Accenture is a federal contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.    Equal Employment Opportunity.  All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.    Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.      APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB                   Consent and Acknowledgement - Personal Data (by choosing 'I Accept' you agree to all the terms and conditions.)     Select a language:   Chinese  Dutch  English  English (United Kingdom)  French  French (France)  German  Italian  Japanese  Polish  Potuguese (Brazil)  Spanish     Accenture Recruitment and Hiring Privacy Statement    If you use Accenture’s online career resources, we collect personal data that you submit to the website and use it for recruiting-related purposes. We may also use Cookies and other tracking technology and the same technologies we use for Marketing (including Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Databases , Targeted E-mail & Combining and Analyzing Personal Data ) to provide individuals with a personalized online experience, to send relevant information about careers and opportunities at Accenture, and to analyze the effectiveness of our recruitment efforts and resources. More information about how your data will be used by Accenture during the recruitment process can be found below, or at the Careers website.    Introduction / who is collecting your personal data?    When you apply for a job at Accenture, Accenture will collect and use personal data about you during the recruiting and any hiring process. As described in this Privacy Statement, your personal data may be retained and used by Accenture for the purpose of considering your qualifications for employment, as required by law, or as otherwise described below. Please see below for information that Accenture may receive about you from third parties.    “Accenture” means the specific Accenture affiliates, subsidiaries, and contracted service providers who will collect, use, and maintain your personal data in connection with your application for employment, our Recruiting, Talent Management processes, and any hiring process if you are extended an offer of employment. A full list of Accenture entities by country and their contact information appears at the bottom of this Privacy Statement, as well as a list of contracted service providers who perform IT support or background checking services.    What Personal Data will Accenture collect?    The types of information requested from you and the manner in which that information is collected and accessed are determined by the requirements of the country in which the position is located, and not the country in which you reside. While, specific data requirements vary by country and the position being filled, the following categories of data will generally be collected by Accenture:   Data you submit in résumés / CVs, letters, writing samples, or other written materials;  Data generated by interviewers and recruiters, based on their interactions with you or basic Internet searches;  Data provided by third-party placement firms, recruiters, or job-search websites, where applicable;  Recommendations provided on your behalf by others;  Data about your prior employment, education, and where applicable, credit history, criminal records or other data revealed during background screenings;  Data about your health or disability where it is relevant to your ability or availability to work or to a workplace accommodation, subject to legal limits on the timing of collection of such data and other applicable limitations.  Data about race / ethnicity / religion / disability / gender and self-identified LGBT status, for purposes of government reporting where required, as well as to understand the diversity characteristics of the Accenture workforce.   Your submission of personal data constitutes your consent to our use of your data and your verification that it is accurate.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the foregoing and consent to the uses of your information as set out above. You are not required to provide any requested information to Accenture, but failing to do so may result in not being able to continue your candidacy for the job for which you have applied.    You may read this Statement at any time by logging into the system with your user name and password.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that all representations made by you are true and correct to the best of your knowledge and belief, and you have not knowingly omitted any related information of an adverse nature. Providing any inaccurate information may make you ineligible for employment.      What will Accenture do with your personal data?    Accenture will use your personal data to:   Assess your suitability for employment for the role for which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available;  Perform administrative functions (e.g. reimburse you for interview-related expenses);  Perform analysis of our applicant pool in order to better understand who is applying to positions at Accenture and how to attract top talent;  In some cases, record your online interview for review by additional recruiters and hiring managers. In such cases, we will seek your express consent to be recorded;  If you register at the “New? Get Started” section of our page, we will enter you into a database to receive future mailings about Accenture positions and events;  Transfer your contact information (only) to the Accenture Talent Connection—a site that we maintain to notify you about new positions that may be of interest to you. Your contact information will be used by the Accenture Talent Connection to send you one invitation to sign up for future position alerts and invitations to Accenture recruiting events, as well as one follow-up reminder. If you do not respond to these messages your contact information will be retained by the Accenture Talent Connection only for the purpose of ensuring that we do not contact you again. If you join the Accenture Talent Connection you will have future opportunities to opt-out of receiving messages and alerts if you choose. Note that the Accenture Talent Connection is a separate and distinct service from registering at our website under the “New? Get Started” section; and  Perform any legally-required reporting, and respond to legal process.   From what sources will Accenture obtain your personal data?    Accenture may obtain data about you from the following sources:   From you, when you submit resumes or other information online;  From conversations with recruiters and interviews with hiring managers and other Accenture personnel or representatives, some of which may be recorded (with your express knowledge and consent) as well as from Internet searches that these individuals may perform, or data that they may obtain from job search or professional networking websites (e.g. monster.com, LinkedIn, etc.) where you may have made data about yourself publicly available;  From third-party recruiters, staffing companies, or websites where you are introduced to Accenture through one. Accenture does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies, but does sometimes use such agencies subject to a written agreement. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through the Careers website or via email to any Accenture employee) and without a written agreement or otherwise will be deemed to be provided for Accenture’s use, and no fee will be paid should the candidate be hired by Accenture; and  From background checks, as applicable. Where permitted by law, Accenture may contract with a third party to perform a pre-employment background screening. The content of background check information varies by country to comply with local requirements, but may include information gathered from publicly available sources, your former employers or colleagues, schools you have attended, credit reporting agencies, and criminal records databases. These types of information will only be collected with your prior consent, and you will receive more information about the nature of such a background check before it begins. Where required by applicable local law, you may be asked to provide certain background check information, (which may include sensitive data) directly to Accenture.   Who will have access to your personal data? Where are they located?    In general, access to your personal data will be restricted to minimize the number of people in Accenture’s global organization who need it in order evaluate your application for employment, perform functions supporting our Recruiting and Talent Management functions, or to whom we are compelled to provide it by applicable law.    Where your personal data is transferred to a country other than the one in which you reside, be advised that such countries may not have the same legal protections for personal data as your home country. Accenture will, however, follow its internal global privacy policy in such cases.    The following categories of individuals will have access to your personal data:   Recruiters working with the country where the position you are applying for is based. Such individuals may be based in a different country;  Hiring managers and other interviewers. Often these individuals will be based in the country where the position is based, but in some cases they may be located in other countries;  The global Accenture Talent Management and Talent Connection teams, consisting of a limited number of individuals based in several countries;  Individuals performing administrative and IT support functions;  Authorized personnel at our service providers, including:  Oracle, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Acquisition System;  Avature, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Connection;  HireVue, a company that hosts a virtual interview tool used to record interviews where live interviews are not possible.  Companies contracted to perform background screenings, where applicable. These companies may be based in another country, and may obtain data from other countries where you have lived, worked or studied, as may be relevant as part of a background check. You will receive more information about any such check before it begins;    Government officials where legal reporting requirements may exist, or law enforcement agencies or private litigants in response to valid law enforcement process (warrant, subpoena, or court order); and  A successor to Accenture in the event that it sells or divests all or part of its business.   How long will Accenture retain my personal data?    If you are given and accept an offer of employment by Accenture, personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your Accenture personnel records, to be retained throughout and for a period after your employment with Accenture (specific periods vary by country). If Accenture does not employ you, Accenture may nevertheless continue to retain and use personal data collected during the recruitment process in order to consider you for new positions, and, if appropriate, to refer back to an earlier application if you submit a resume or other information to Accenture again in the future, as well as for system administration, to perform research and analysis, and to invite you to join the Accenture Talent Connection.      How Accenture protects your personal data.    Accenture employs organizational, technical, and physical security measures in order to protect your data from loss or misuse. Where we contract with third-party suppliers to provide services that may enable them to access your personal data we require them by contract to have similar security controls in place.      How to obtain a copy of Accenture’s internal Privacy Policy, request access to your personal data or contact us with questions or feedback.    If you have a question, comment, or complaint, wish to obtain a copy of Accenture’s Global Policy 0090—Data Privacy, or wish to access a copy of your personal data or to correct it if you believe it is inaccurate, you may Contact Us by clicking the link. Each Accenture country has established a Data Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with local privacy requirements; you may also use the Contact Us form to contact the Accenture Data Privacy Officer for your country or to obtain more information about how your data will be used in your country.    For job seekers from Malaysia:    The Malaysian Data Protection Act 2010 (“Act”) requires Accenture to provide you this privacy statement in both Bahasa Malaysia and English. For the Bahasa Malaysia version please click here.    For job seekers from other countries:    This privacy statement is also available in the following languages:   Bahasa Malaysia  Brazilian Portuguese  Chinese  Dutch  French (European)  French (Canadian)  German  Italian  Japanese  Spanish  Polish   List of Accenture entities and their contact information:  https://www.accenture.com/us-en/office-directory                               Job Openings in USA Change Location                Latest jobs    SUGGESTED JOBS      Jobs based on searches similar to yours:      Data Visualization Senior Analyst  OH - Columbus      SAP HANA Analytics Consultant - Midwest Region  Multiple Locations        Contracts Specialist - Team Lead  TX - Austin      More Jobs            Go Back     Select Country       Afghanistan    Albania    Algeria    American Samoa    Andorra    Angola    Anguilla    Antarctica    Antigua And Barbuda    Argentina    Armenia    Aruba    Australia    Austria    Azerbaijan    Bahamas    Bahrain    Bangladesh    Barbados    Belarus    Belgium    Belize    Benin    Bermuda    Bhutan    Bolivia    Bosnia And Herzegovina    Botswana    Bouvet Island    Brazil    British Indian Ocean Territory    Brunei Darussalam    Bulgaria    Burkina Faso    Burundi    Cambodia    Cameroon    Canada    Cape Verde    Cayman Islands    Central African Republic    Chad    Chile    China    Christmas Island    Cocos (Keeling) Islands    Colombia    Comoros    Congo    Congo (Rep)    Cook Islands    Costa Rica    Cote D'Ivoire    Croatia    Cuba    Cyprus    Czech Republic    Denmark    Djibouti    Dominica    Dominican Republic    East Timor    Ecuador    Egypt    El Salvador    Equatorial Guinea    Eritrea    Estonia    Ethiopia    Falkland Islands    Faroe Islands    Fiji    Finland    France    France Metropolitan    French Guiana    French Polynesia    French Southern Territories    Gabon    Gambia    Georgia    Germany    Ghana    Gibraltar    Greece    Greenland    Grenada    Guadeloupe    Guam    Guatemala    Guinea    Guinea - Bissau    Guyana    Haiti    Heard And Mc Donald Islands    Honduras    Hong Kong    Hungary    Iceland    India    Indonesia    Iran    Iraq    Ireland    Israel    Italy    Jamaica    Japan    Jordan    Kazakhstan    Kenya    Kiribati    Kuwait    Kyrgyzstan    Lao People's Republic    Latvia    Lebanon    Lesotho    Liberia    Libyan Arab Jamahiriya    Liechtenstein    Lithuania    Luxembourg    Macau    Macedonia    Madagascar    Malawi    Malaysia    Maldives    Mali    Malta    Marshall Islands    Martinique    Mauritania    Mauritius    Mayotte    Mexico    Micronesia    Moldova    Monaco    Mongolia    Montenegro    Montserrat    Morocco    Mozambique    Myanmar    Namibia    Nauru    Nepal    Netherlands    Netherlands Antilles    New Caledonia    New Zealand    Nicaragua    Niger    Nigeria    Niue    Norfolk Island    North Korea (People's Republic Of Korea)    Northern Mariana Islands    Norway    Oman    Other    Pakistan    Palau    Panama    Papua New Guinea    Paraguay    Peru    Philippines    Pitcairn    Poland    Portugal    Puerto Rico    Qatar    Reunion Island    Romania    Russia    Rwanda    Saint Kitts And Nevis    Saint Lucia    Saint Vincent And The Grenadines    Samoa    San Marino    Sao Tome And Principe    Saudi Arabia    Senegal    Serbia    Seychelles    Sierra Leone    Singapore    Slovak Republic    Slovenia    Solomon Islands    Somalia    South Africa    South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands    Spain    South Korea    Sri Lanka    St Helena    St Pierre and Miquelon    Sudan    Suriname    Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands    Swaziland    Sweden    Switzerland    Syrian Arab Republic    Taiwan    Tajikistan    Tanzania    Thailand    Togo    Tokelau    Tonga Islands    Trinidad And Tobago    Tunisia    Turkey    Turkmenistan    Turks And Caicos Islands    Tuvalu    Uganda    Ukraine    United Arab Emirates    United Kingdom    United States Minor Outlying Islands    Uruguay    USA    Uzbekistan    Vanuatu    Vatican City State    Venezuela    Vietnam    Virgin Islands (British)    Virgin Islands (U.S.)    Western Sahara    Yemen    Zaire    Zambia    Zimbabwe      No country selected.    Select City / State       Select a country first.      No city or state selected.    Submit                              Events  Find out more about careers and life at Accenture by attending our virtual or live events. Check out events in your area.  Launch Calendar          Find a job  Start your search here: Enter job title, skill, experience level or city        Find                Stay in touch  Join the Accenture Talent Connection, follow our Careers blog, or sign up for job alerts.   MORE                           Contact Us    Find a Location      Careers    About Accenture    Privacy Policy    Cookie Policy    Terms of Use    Accessibility Statement    Labor Condition Applications    Global Meritocracy    Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local          This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.                Contact Us       Find a Location                   Careers  About Accenture  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Accessibility Statement  Labor Condition Applications  Global Meritocracy  Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local       This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.               This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     ×            Select your location                                                     No results found  We were unable to find a match for "$searchstring." Try searching again by using different or more general keywords and check for spelling errors.                                               Stay In The Know   Receive e-mails from Accenture featuring new content that matches your interests.  Visit the subscription center to make your selections and subscribe to New from Accenture.     SIGN UP                RECOMMENDED CONTENT    FILTER RESULTS       FILTER RESULTS                              Connect with our Talent Community  Personalize your Accenture Career search and receive tailored news, insights and job alerts. Join our Talent Connection to learn more about the challenging and rewarding career opportunities offered by Accenture.   Register      Already applied to a job?  If you have applied for a position in a location other than India, Philippines, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and would like to access your existing job application, please click here .              Sign in with e-mail and password   Validation summary   Invalid username / password       Or sign in with LinkedIn            Sign in with
                        LinkedIn                        There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                 There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                Are you sure you want to disconnect with 
account?   Yes  Cancel                                          Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            DevOps Engineer    Avesta Computer Services ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 4 hours ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: Heroku,AWS,MySQL,ruby,splunk    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Heroku,AWS,MySQL,ruby,splunk          Full Time            Market            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   POSITION SUMMARY As a Senior Development Operations Engineer, you’ll be working with and managing a team of talented engineers responsible for design, configuration, optimization, documentation and support of the software product cloud hosting infrastructure, services and components that the client deploys in service of its customers and partners. RESPONSIBILITIES: • Work closely with other Clients teams to gather requirements, prototype, architect, plan, estimate, implement /update, build and execute testing plans, perform quality reviews, manage operations and triage and fix operational issues • Develop and/or leverage custom integration solutions, automation / scripts, including major enhancements, interfaces, functions and features by coordinating relevant activities with development teams across the client. • Lead and guide the design, development of reusable components, code and document custom automation frameworks, maintain scripts and update as needed • Manage product release planning lifecycle including verification of the functionality of components and services to ensure deployment meets client’s expectations, integration components and security baselines • Build towards automated deployment processes using configuration management technology solutions. • Anticipate, identify, mitigate, and resolve issues relating to client facing systems or services and application operation in conjunction with relevant teams (this includes supporting Client Services by identifying, researching and resolving performance and production issues) • Lead the technical evaluation and selection process for improving performance, monitoring, gap analysis, predicting trends for system performance, capacity, efficiency, and reliability and recommend enhancements in order to better meet client SLAs and standards • Contribute to ongoing efforts to review current software stack and SDLC processes and tools, identify opportunities to increase efficiency and effectiveness, and implement improvements to enable scale as the client grows • Assist in defining and creating any missing DevOps and quality guidelines, operation manuals, processes and standards • Provide feedback to fellow team members kindly and constructively, and actively seek feedback for professional improvement and growth QUALIFICATIONS: • BS degree in Computer Science or related field is required, advanced degree preferred • At least 5-7 years of equivalent work experience in a senior technical position responsible for managing multi tenant SaaS software products in public or private cloud (including AWS) including design, implementation, product release, testing, support and project management • Excellent understanding of technical architecture design techniques, theories, principles and practices with knowledge on broad range of hardware and software products (including experience deploying, managing, and operating scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems on AWS) • Excellent knowledge and understanding for use, deployment and management of AWS services for SaaS products such as VPC, EC2, Containers, S3, ELB, RDS, Route53, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, WAF, HSM/KMS, IAM, Code Commit, Elastic Bean Stalk, Cloud Trail, API Gateways and other AWS development and management tools • Strong grasp of automation and monitoring tools (ability to automate repeatable tasks via scripting) • Ability to define and deploy monitoring, metrics, and logging systems • Demonstrated ability to understand, implement, and automate security controls, governance processes, and compliance validation • Demonstrated ability to communicate business and technical ideas to varied audiences including customers, peer engineers, and senior leadership • Able to quickly become deeply familiar with the clients current and planned capabilities, the scope of a specific implementation, integration and / or customization effort, as well as the customer’s business objectives and success criteria • Happy to travel occasionally for team meetings and events • Strong ownership, urgency, and drive to launch services • Creative and resourceful - always finds a way to unblock yourself and your team • Relentlessly optimistic • Experience in or adjacent to the mortgage industry        Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Preethika Ramdass                 Avesta Computer Services,     Dice Id : avesta    Position Id : 204958      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Devops AWS Engineer   AppsIntegration, Inc.  Pleasanton, CA     *** URGENT NEED Infrastructure Engineer with AWS, Devops ****   EOK Technologies Inc  Fremont, CA     Sr Devop Engineer - Cloud   BayOne Solutions  Palo Alto, CA     View more jobs like this    Manager DevOps (AWS)   Nextphase Recruiting  Redwood City, CA     Cloud DevOps Engineer   EY  Palo Alto, CA     AWS Devops   Forsys Inc.  Pleasanton, CA     AWS Devops Engineer   8K Miles Software Services, Inc.  San Ramon, CA     Senior AWS DevOp Engineer   Allscripts  San Ramon, CA     Lead Devops Engineer, Strong Amazon AWS experience, 10+Years experience   Xoriant Corporation  San Mateo, CA     Cloud Engineer   Kforce Inc.  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Pinn Technology, Inc.  Redwood City, CA     Cloud Engineer   ICONMA  San Francisco, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of DevOps Engineer with Avesta Computer Services through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         DevOps Engineer  Avesta Computer Services         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                               × close                     Jobs   Jobs   Jobs                 « Back to all jobs                  © 2017 Practice Fusion, Inc.  | Site Map | Terms | Privacy Policy | EHR Certification                        Skip to Main Content        Support  Contact Us           Mobile navigation menu      About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations  Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  View All Jobs        About Us  Benefits  Our Culture  What We Look For  Locations   Jobs by Talent Areas   Technology  Sales  Research & Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship    View All Jobs             Where      What                Pearson Jobs        Where   city, state, country    What   job title, keywords             Home  View All Jobs  ( 791 )              Pearson    Cloud Security Engineer, Risk & Compliance in  San Francisco , California          Cloud Security Engineer, Risk & Compliance  Description  At Pearson, we have a once in a generation opportunity to transform teaching & learning to prepare people for a changing economy.  The educational ecosystem is changing at a ferocious pace. Our company is changing rapidly. We no longer have the luxury of waiting to see how the market will change; we need to operate differently.  Learners today are preparing to enter a world of work in which the skills required for employment are rapidly changing.  Lifelong learning & ongoing re-skilling will become a reality for most.  In addition - Technology has changed our expectations of how we live, work, communicate.  Learners expect education to be engaging and inspiring. They expect digital learning to be as responsive, secure,  fast and effective as the other apps in their pocket - Facebook, iTunes.  They expect to have access to learning anytime, anyplace, any device and get help when they need it - Consumer Grade without being a target of cyber attacks.  One of biggest investments is in a new digital platform - the Global Learning Platform - which will fundamentally change the way we design, develop and deliver learning experiences, enabling new business models.  Pearson’s Global Learning Platform will provide engaging, responsive, and personalized learning experiences to students everywhere. The cloud security team at Pearson will drive all aspects of design, build, operate and assess across cloud based digital platforms and products.  Responsibilities  As a direct report to the Director, Product Information Security Officer (PISO), you will have the following responsibilities:   Work closely with product and platform teams to engineer and implement cloud security controls with a focus risk and compliance  Cloud Security Risk and Compliance engineer  will fundamentally change the way Pearson compliance automation is established for AWS environments  Design and implement automated AWS/Cloud based compliance processes and tools  Lead AWS Cloud compliance  engineering integrations with enterprise GRC platforms  Build working relationships with corporate technology and business teams  Extensive experience in cloud compliance technologies such as Allgress, CloudPassage and CloudChekr  Evaluate security technologies for cloud environments in order to implement controls in the most streamlined and integrated manner  Deploy automated security solutions for cloud delivery processes  Develop cloud security solutions to enable production security operations (SOC)  Deploy compliance solutions for  large-scale cloud environments using container and microservice technologies  Develop security and compliance capabilities in support of DevOps processes  Develop & deploy automated solutions to secure cloud development processes  Craft and evangelize secure cloud platform & product requirements  Communicate security risks and solutions to business partners, platform & product teams  Embrace a culture of continuous service improvement and service excellence  Stay current on security industry trends   Qualifications  Required Experience   Overall 6 years experience in Technology with extensive experience in cloud solutions (AWS, OpenStack)  At least 3 years architecting and developing AWS- based applications solution design and development, security of access endpoints, data and infrastructure in cloud with strong EC2, IAM, KMS, HSM, S3, Cloudwatch and Cloud Trail knowledge.  Minimum 2  years of experience with implementing and automating cloud compliance including tools such as : AWS inspector, CloudPassage, CloudChekr, AWS config, Cloud Formation and Service Catalogue  Knowledge of technical security control environments and compliance frameworks including CSA CCM, ISO 27017  Threat and risk modelling experience using platforms such as Continuum Security  Integrating cloud compliance tools and processes to enterprise risk platforms such as Allgress and Archer  A thorough  understanding of compliance regimes such as, PCI, HIPAA and GDPR  Strong Allgress GRC platform experience is desirable  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience.  Experience with custom development using AWS integration technologies, Python, Java/EE, JSON, SAML, XACML, SCIM.  Hand on-Experience in virtualization, Cloud Formation, Python in building hybrid cloud models with with layered security  Real time scalability and highly available solutions leveraging functions like Lambda, AWS Auto Scaling and Cloud Formations.  Source code management tools such as BitBucket  Skilled in HTML/CSS, JSON, REST, HTTP, Python, Java/EE, SAML, XACML, SCIM  AWS certification along with other security certifications such as CISSP, SSCP is  a plus  Actively Participate in data design sessions  Knowledge in development languages such as Java, .Net, Node.js, Python, Ruby etc.  The candidate will apply their experience building reliable, scalable, secure data driven process automation for managing compliance  Hands-on knowledge on DevOps methodologies and tools like SVN/GIT, Jenkins, JIRA, confluence, various monitoring/alerting tools;  Experience on Agile delivery;  Familiar with a broad range of cloud security technologies such as Container, encryption and key management, DDoS protection, configuration compliance  Some proven ability in securing the CI/CD pipeline  Experience in developing continuous threat and vulnerability assessments and continuous control monitoring of policies   Competences and Behaviors   Highly self-motivated with the ability to identify areas of focus and tackle new challenges with or without direction.  Must be able to communicate effectively and build solid relationships with individuals at all levels, in multiple geographies and business functions.  Strong oral, written, and presentation abilities - able to convey risk to all levels of the business, from C-level executives to operations and development teams;  Strong business acumen with the ability to build business cases for technology initiatives and to effectively communicate the value proposition to non-technical stakeholders  Excellent oral and written communication skills and exceptional interpersonal skills.  Demonstrated ability to work under pressure.  Ability to work within a dynamic and fast paced international environment  Ability to build rapport with other team members and relevant teams  Very good communications, presentation and negotiations skills  Technically innovative  Able to express technical and non-technical concepts in clear verbal and written English  Very good written skills to document complex concepts in a comprehensive, yet readable manner  Encourages people to be open and share their views  Considers a range of options that meet the needs of all stakeholders  Ability to use own initiative to solve technical problems  Delivery Focused  Takes responsibility for projects and strategic initiatives  Demonstrate clear and measurable results through the development of KPIs, goals and milestones  Ambitious and competitive  Drive innovation and best practice  Strive for standardization and simplification in all aspects of work  Able to balance the needs of the business against the desire for the best solution possible   #LI-LL  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  Primary Location: US-TX-San Antonio  Other Locations US-CA-San Francisco, US-CO-Centennial, US-NC-Morrisville, US-TX-Austin  Work Locations: US-TX-San Antonio-19500 Bulverde 19500 Bulverde Road San Antonio 78259  Job: Technology  Organization: Technology & Operations  Employee Status: Regular Employee  Job Type: Standard  Shift: Day Job  Job Posting: Nov 7, 2017  Req ID: 1716225           Apply Now       Apply Now    Share                 Current Search Criteria     Cloud Security Engineer, Risk & ...    San Francisco    California   Clear All            Technology  Sales  Research and Analytics  Content Development  Customer Service  Legal  Testing Center  Publishing/Editorial  Internship  All Jobs              If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 1-877-311-0948.  Please follow the links below to the "EEO is The Law", which describes the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability or genetic information. www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm and the "EEO is the Law Supplement" which has additional information for Federal Contractors: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf  The Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision found here ( https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_formattedESQA508c.pdf ) provides applicants and employees notice that Pearson will not discriminate against them for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co-workers.  Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, disability status, veteran status, national origin or any other characteristic protected by law.          Contact Us  News  Support        Facebook         Twitter         Google+         LinkedIn                 About Pearson   Who We Are  What We Do  Board of Directors   Our Position On       Products & Services      Efficacy & Research   Higher Education Research  Schools Education Research  Professional Education Research  Our Methods  Our People  Efficacy Reports       Sustainability   About Sustainability  Sustainability In Action   Sustainability Governance   Reporting & Policy Downloads       Investors   Investor Information  Managing Your Shares       Careers   Job Opportunities  Who You Are   Why Join Us              Privacy Policy  Cookies  Legal Statement  Accessibility                         Skip to main content  Skip to Footer                   Click the menu icon to display the main navigation.      Type anywhere at any time to use our smart search tool.            Search  Type to search           SIGN IN       MENU               STRATEGY  CONSULTING  DIGITAL  TECHNOLOGY  OPERATIONS  INDUSTRIES  TRENDING NOW  CAREERS    About Accenture  Corporate Citizenship  Inclusion and Diversity  Investor Relations  Leadership  Newsroom              Consulting Home   Technology Consulting           Digital Home   Accenture Analytics   Accenture Interactive   Accenture Mobility           Technology Home   Accenture Labs   Application Services   Artificial Intelligence   Cloud       Microsoft   Oracle   SAP   Delivery           Operations Home   As a Service   Business Process Services   Journey to Cloud           Automotive and Industrial   Banking   Capital Markets   Chemicals   Communications and Media   Consumer Goods and Services   Energy   Health   High Tech       Insurance   Life Sciences   Natural Resources   Public Service   Retail   Software and Platforms   Travel   Utilities           Artificial Intelligence   Blockchain   Cloud   Future Workforce   Internet of Things   Security           Careers Home   Accenture Strategy   Accenture Consulting   Accenture Digital   Accenture Technology   Accenture Operations   Accenture Security   Corporate Functions       Culture and values   Training and development   The employee experience   Students and Graduates   Experienced hire   Search and apply   US Workforce Demographics         Scroll  Swipe                        Print                 Job Listing                      ﻿  {"countries":[{"CountryName":"Brazil","Locale":"pt-BR","Language":"pt-BR","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-en","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"China","Locale":"cn-zh","Language":"zh-CN","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"France","Locale":"fr-fr","Language":"fr-fr","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Germany","Locale":"de-de","Language":"de","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"Italy","Locale":"it-it","Language":"it","SiteCode":"10140"},{"CountryName":"Japan","Locale":"jp-ja","Language":"ja","SiteCode":"10001"},{"CountryName":"Spain","Locale":"es-es","Language":"es","SiteCode":"10200"},{"CountryName":"United Kingdom","Locale":"gb-en","Language":"en-GB","SiteCode":"10003"},{"CountryName":"USA","Locale":"us-enTaleo","Language":"en","SiteCode":"10003"}]}        Full-Stack Javascript Developer Specialist    Job Location:  CA - San Francisco    Regional Description:  West    Job Number:  00488532  00488532_en    APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB               -  Job description    Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world.  The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance.  Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  People in our Client Delivery & Operations career track drive delivery and capability excellence through the design, development and/or delivery of a solution, service, capability or offering. They grow into delivery-focused roles, and can progress within their current role, laterally or upward.  Liquid Studios will be located in various cities where Accenture has a high concentration of clients who need software developers they can work with face-to-face, using Agile methods of delivery.  This studio is based in Redwood City, CA ( Silicon Valley area.)    Liquid Studio residents and client guests collaborate on development of “new IT” solutions using liquid software development techniques, beginning with rapid prototyping and construction of business applications, and applying the latest in design thinking and Agile approaches to interactively assemble adaptive applications from modular, proven components. Teams will work in small groups of up to 10 software engineers.    Liquid Studios will also be able to take advantage of global centers of innovation (such as Silicon Valley) to attract talent and creative energy from the ecosystem, creating an osmotic effect for experimentation using new tools and approaches and fostering an environment where new styles of working are combined with real-world challenges of building applications for the digital era.    Liquid Studio teams will also be able to tap into the power of Accenture’s broader ecosystem partnerships, Global Delivery Network and Accenture Digital capabilities. We have more than a decade of experience in Agile and DevOps along with Accenture tools and assets that can be leveraged to enable continuous liquid delivery.      +  Basic qualifications     Basic Qualifications:   Minimum 2 years of Modern Web Architectures design including Single Page Applications and client/API architecture  Minimum 2 years of application design and development including Responsive Web Applications with deep expertise in one of the following technologies – Backbone.js, AngularJS, and React  Minimum 2 years of experience with modern DevOps tools and workflows such as git, GitHub, Jira, Phabricator, Jenkins, or equivalents  Minimum 2 years of Experience with agile development (SCRUM, Kanban, etc.) and/or Test Automation (behavior, unit, integration testing with tools like cucumber, mocha, or wslite*    Preferred Qualifications:    Minimum 1 years of API development, preferably using Node.js  Minimum 3 years of experience in JavaScript  Minimum 1 years of experience with testing using TDD or BDD with 1 or more testing frameworks (e.g. Mocha/Chai, Jasmine)  Minimum 1years of experience in any of the following languages or technologies: Java, Groovy, Ruby, PHP, or Python •,Installation, configuration and development including work within a production environment  Experience with Responsive Design frameworks, preferably with Twitter Bootstrap or Zurb Foundation  Experience in developing high performing client-side applications  Knowledge of: CSS/CSS3  Knowledge of what works in specific browsers.Responsive CSS (Mobile First, Bootstrap),Semantic HTML and HTML5,JS based languages such as Coffeescript and Typescript  Candidates who are currently on assignment as part of the Global Careers program are not eligible for consideration.    Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).    Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.    Accenture is a federal contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.    Equal Employment Opportunity.  All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.    Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.      APPLY  GET REFERRED  SAVE THIS JOB                   Consent and Acknowledgement - Personal Data (by choosing 'I Accept' you agree to all the terms and conditions.)     Select a language:   Chinese  Dutch  English  English (United Kingdom)  French  French (France)  German  Italian  Japanese  Polish  Potuguese (Brazil)  Spanish     Accenture Recruitment and Hiring Privacy Statement    If you use Accenture’s online career resources, we collect personal data that you submit to the website and use it for recruiting-related purposes. We may also use Cookies and other tracking technology and the same technologies we use for Marketing (including Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Databases , Targeted E-mail & Combining and Analyzing Personal Data ) to provide individuals with a personalized online experience, to send relevant information about careers and opportunities at Accenture, and to analyze the effectiveness of our recruitment efforts and resources. More information about how your data will be used by Accenture during the recruitment process can be found below, or at the Careers website.    Introduction / who is collecting your personal data?    When you apply for a job at Accenture, Accenture will collect and use personal data about you during the recruiting and any hiring process. As described in this Privacy Statement, your personal data may be retained and used by Accenture for the purpose of considering your qualifications for employment, as required by law, or as otherwise described below. Please see below for information that Accenture may receive about you from third parties.    “Accenture” means the specific Accenture affiliates, subsidiaries, and contracted service providers who will collect, use, and maintain your personal data in connection with your application for employment, our Recruiting, Talent Management processes, and any hiring process if you are extended an offer of employment. A full list of Accenture entities by country and their contact information appears at the bottom of this Privacy Statement, as well as a list of contracted service providers who perform IT support or background checking services.    What Personal Data will Accenture collect?    The types of information requested from you and the manner in which that information is collected and accessed are determined by the requirements of the country in which the position is located, and not the country in which you reside. While, specific data requirements vary by country and the position being filled, the following categories of data will generally be collected by Accenture:   Data you submit in résumés / CVs, letters, writing samples, or other written materials;  Data generated by interviewers and recruiters, based on their interactions with you or basic Internet searches;  Data provided by third-party placement firms, recruiters, or job-search websites, where applicable;  Recommendations provided on your behalf by others;  Data about your prior employment, education, and where applicable, credit history, criminal records or other data revealed during background screenings;  Data about your health or disability where it is relevant to your ability or availability to work or to a workplace accommodation, subject to legal limits on the timing of collection of such data and other applicable limitations.  Data about race / ethnicity / religion / disability / gender and self-identified LGBT status, for purposes of government reporting where required, as well as to understand the diversity characteristics of the Accenture workforce.   Your submission of personal data constitutes your consent to our use of your data and your verification that it is accurate.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the foregoing and consent to the uses of your information as set out above. You are not required to provide any requested information to Accenture, but failing to do so may result in not being able to continue your candidacy for the job for which you have applied.    You may read this Statement at any time by logging into the system with your user name and password.    By submitting your information, you acknowledge that all representations made by you are true and correct to the best of your knowledge and belief, and you have not knowingly omitted any related information of an adverse nature. Providing any inaccurate information may make you ineligible for employment.      What will Accenture do with your personal data?    Accenture will use your personal data to:   Assess your suitability for employment for the role for which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available;  Perform administrative functions (e.g. reimburse you for interview-related expenses);  Perform analysis of our applicant pool in order to better understand who is applying to positions at Accenture and how to attract top talent;  In some cases, record your online interview for review by additional recruiters and hiring managers. In such cases, we will seek your express consent to be recorded;  If you register at the “New? Get Started” section of our page, we will enter you into a database to receive future mailings about Accenture positions and events;  Transfer your contact information (only) to the Accenture Talent Connection—a site that we maintain to notify you about new positions that may be of interest to you. Your contact information will be used by the Accenture Talent Connection to send you one invitation to sign up for future position alerts and invitations to Accenture recruiting events, as well as one follow-up reminder. If you do not respond to these messages your contact information will be retained by the Accenture Talent Connection only for the purpose of ensuring that we do not contact you again. If you join the Accenture Talent Connection you will have future opportunities to opt-out of receiving messages and alerts if you choose. Note that the Accenture Talent Connection is a separate and distinct service from registering at our website under the “New? Get Started” section; and  Perform any legally-required reporting, and respond to legal process.   From what sources will Accenture obtain your personal data?    Accenture may obtain data about you from the following sources:   From you, when you submit resumes or other information online;  From conversations with recruiters and interviews with hiring managers and other Accenture personnel or representatives, some of which may be recorded (with your express knowledge and consent) as well as from Internet searches that these individuals may perform, or data that they may obtain from job search or professional networking websites (e.g. monster.com, LinkedIn, etc.) where you may have made data about yourself publicly available;  From third-party recruiters, staffing companies, or websites where you are introduced to Accenture through one. Accenture does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies, but does sometimes use such agencies subject to a written agreement. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through the Careers website or via email to any Accenture employee) and without a written agreement or otherwise will be deemed to be provided for Accenture’s use, and no fee will be paid should the candidate be hired by Accenture; and  From background checks, as applicable. Where permitted by law, Accenture may contract with a third party to perform a pre-employment background screening. The content of background check information varies by country to comply with local requirements, but may include information gathered from publicly available sources, your former employers or colleagues, schools you have attended, credit reporting agencies, and criminal records databases. These types of information will only be collected with your prior consent, and you will receive more information about the nature of such a background check before it begins. Where required by applicable local law, you may be asked to provide certain background check information, (which may include sensitive data) directly to Accenture.   Who will have access to your personal data? Where are they located?    In general, access to your personal data will be restricted to minimize the number of people in Accenture’s global organization who need it in order evaluate your application for employment, perform functions supporting our Recruiting and Talent Management functions, or to whom we are compelled to provide it by applicable law.    Where your personal data is transferred to a country other than the one in which you reside, be advised that such countries may not have the same legal protections for personal data as your home country. Accenture will, however, follow its internal global privacy policy in such cases.    The following categories of individuals will have access to your personal data:   Recruiters working with the country where the position you are applying for is based. Such individuals may be based in a different country;  Hiring managers and other interviewers. Often these individuals will be based in the country where the position is based, but in some cases they may be located in other countries;  The global Accenture Talent Management and Talent Connection teams, consisting of a limited number of individuals based in several countries;  Individuals performing administrative and IT support functions;  Authorized personnel at our service providers, including:  Oracle, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Acquisition System;  Avature, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Connection;  HireVue, a company that hosts a virtual interview tool used to record interviews where live interviews are not possible.  Companies contracted to perform background screenings, where applicable. These companies may be based in another country, and may obtain data from other countries where you have lived, worked or studied, as may be relevant as part of a background check. You will receive more information about any such check before it begins;    Government officials where legal reporting requirements may exist, or law enforcement agencies or private litigants in response to valid law enforcement process (warrant, subpoena, or court order); and  A successor to Accenture in the event that it sells or divests all or part of its business.   How long will Accenture retain my personal data?    If you are given and accept an offer of employment by Accenture, personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your Accenture personnel records, to be retained throughout and for a period after your employment with Accenture (specific periods vary by country). If Accenture does not employ you, Accenture may nevertheless continue to retain and use personal data collected during the recruitment process in order to consider you for new positions, and, if appropriate, to refer back to an earlier application if you submit a resume or other information to Accenture again in the future, as well as for system administration, to perform research and analysis, and to invite you to join the Accenture Talent Connection.      How Accenture protects your personal data.    Accenture employs organizational, technical, and physical security measures in order to protect your data from loss or misuse. Where we contract with third-party suppliers to provide services that may enable them to access your personal data we require them by contract to have similar security controls in place.      How to obtain a copy of Accenture’s internal Privacy Policy, request access to your personal data or contact us with questions or feedback.    If you have a question, comment, or complaint, wish to obtain a copy of Accenture’s Global Policy 0090—Data Privacy, or wish to access a copy of your personal data or to correct it if you believe it is inaccurate, you may Contact Us by clicking the link. Each Accenture country has established a Data Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with local privacy requirements; you may also use the Contact Us form to contact the Accenture Data Privacy Officer for your country or to obtain more information about how your data will be used in your country.    For job seekers from Malaysia:    The Malaysian Data Protection Act 2010 (“Act”) requires Accenture to provide you this privacy statement in both Bahasa Malaysia and English. For the Bahasa Malaysia version please click here.    For job seekers from other countries:    This privacy statement is also available in the following languages:   Bahasa Malaysia  Brazilian Portuguese  Chinese  Dutch  French (European)  French (Canadian)  German  Italian  Japanese  Spanish  Polish   List of Accenture entities and their contact information:  https://www.accenture.com/us-en/office-directory                               Job Openings in USA Change Location                Latest jobs    SUGGESTED JOBS      Jobs based on searches similar to yours:      Data Visualization Senior Analyst  OH - Columbus      SAP HANA Analytics Consultant - Midwest Region  Multiple Locations        Contracts Specialist - Team Lead  TX - Austin      More Jobs            Go Back     Select Country       Afghanistan    Albania    Algeria    American Samoa    Andorra    Angola    Anguilla    Antarctica    Antigua And Barbuda    Argentina    Armenia    Aruba    Australia    Austria    Azerbaijan    Bahamas    Bahrain    Bangladesh    Barbados    Belarus    Belgium    Belize    Benin    Bermuda    Bhutan    Bolivia    Bosnia And Herzegovina    Botswana    Bouvet Island    Brazil    British Indian Ocean Territory    Brunei Darussalam    Bulgaria    Burkina Faso    Burundi    Cambodia    Cameroon    Canada    Cape Verde    Cayman Islands    Central African Republic    Chad    Chile    China    Christmas Island    Cocos (Keeling) Islands    Colombia    Comoros    Congo    Congo (Rep)    Cook Islands    Costa Rica    Cote D'Ivoire    Croatia    Cuba    Cyprus    Czech Republic    Denmark    Djibouti    Dominica    Dominican Republic    East Timor    Ecuador    Egypt    El Salvador    Equatorial Guinea    Eritrea    Estonia    Ethiopia    Falkland Islands    Faroe Islands    Fiji    Finland    France    France Metropolitan    French Guiana    French Polynesia    French Southern Territories    Gabon    Gambia    Georgia    Germany    Ghana    Gibraltar    Greece    Greenland    Grenada    Guadeloupe    Guam    Guatemala    Guinea    Guinea - Bissau    Guyana    Haiti    Heard And Mc Donald Islands    Honduras    Hong Kong    Hungary    Iceland    India    Indonesia    Iran    Iraq    Ireland    Israel    Italy    Jamaica    Japan    Jordan    Kazakhstan    Kenya    Kiribati    Kuwait    Kyrgyzstan    Lao People's Republic    Latvia    Lebanon    Lesotho    Liberia    Libyan Arab Jamahiriya    Liechtenstein    Lithuania    Luxembourg    Macau    Macedonia    Madagascar    Malawi    Malaysia    Maldives    Mali    Malta    Marshall Islands    Martinique    Mauritania    Mauritius    Mayotte    Mexico    Micronesia    Moldova    Monaco    Mongolia    Montenegro    Montserrat    Morocco    Mozambique    Myanmar    Namibia    Nauru    Nepal    Netherlands    Netherlands Antilles    New Caledonia    New Zealand    Nicaragua    Niger    Nigeria    Niue    Norfolk Island    North Korea (People's Republic Of Korea)    Northern Mariana Islands    Norway    Oman    Other    Pakistan    Palau    Panama    Papua New Guinea    Paraguay    Peru    Philippines    Pitcairn    Poland    Portugal    Puerto Rico    Qatar    Reunion Island    Romania    Russia    Rwanda    Saint Kitts And Nevis    Saint Lucia    Saint Vincent And The Grenadines    Samoa    San Marino    Sao Tome And Principe    Saudi Arabia    Senegal    Serbia    Seychelles    Sierra Leone    Singapore    Slovak Republic    Slovenia    Solomon Islands    Somalia    South Africa    South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands    Spain    South Korea    Sri Lanka    St Helena    St Pierre and Miquelon    Sudan    Suriname    Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands    Swaziland    Sweden    Switzerland    Syrian Arab Republic    Taiwan    Tajikistan    Tanzania    Thailand    Togo    Tokelau    Tonga Islands    Trinidad And Tobago    Tunisia    Turkey    Turkmenistan    Turks And Caicos Islands    Tuvalu    Uganda    Ukraine    United Arab Emirates    United Kingdom    United States Minor Outlying Islands    Uruguay    USA    Uzbekistan    Vanuatu    Vatican City State    Venezuela    Vietnam    Virgin Islands (British)    Virgin Islands (U.S.)    Western Sahara    Yemen    Zaire    Zambia    Zimbabwe      No country selected.    Select City / State       Select a country first.      No city or state selected.    Submit                              Events  Find out more about careers and life at Accenture by attending our virtual or live events. Check out events in your area.  Launch Calendar          Find a job  Start your search here: Enter job title, skill, experience level or city        Find                Stay in touch  Join the Accenture Talent Connection, follow our Careers blog, or sign up for job alerts.   MORE                           Contact Us    Find a Location      Careers    About Accenture    Privacy Policy    Cookie Policy    Terms of Use    Accessibility Statement    Labor Condition Applications    Global Meritocracy    Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local          This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.                Contact Us       Find a Location                   Careers  About Accenture  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Terms of Use  Accessibility Statement  Labor Condition Applications  Global Meritocracy  Applicant Notices – Federal, State, and Local       This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     © 2017 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.               This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.     ×            Select your location                                                     No results found  We were unable to find a match for "$searchstring." Try searching again by using different or more general keywords and check for spelling errors.                                               Stay In The Know   Receive e-mails from Accenture featuring new content that matches your interests.  Visit the subscription center to make your selections and subscribe to New from Accenture.     SIGN UP                RECOMMENDED CONTENT    FILTER RESULTS       FILTER RESULTS                              Connect with our Talent Community  Personalize your Accenture Career search and receive tailored news, insights and job alerts. Join our Talent Connection to learn more about the challenging and rewarding career opportunities offered by Accenture.   Register      Already applied to a job?  If you have applied for a position in a location other than India, Philippines, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and would like to access your existing job application, please click here .              Sign in with e-mail and password   Validation summary   Invalid username / password       Or sign in with LinkedIn            Sign in with
                        LinkedIn                        There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                 There is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. Please continue registration for this program without your  profile   Continue  Cancel                Are you sure you want to disconnect with 
account?   Yes  Cancel                    DevOps Engineer San Francisco, California 4P Digital Technologies Full-time Apply for this job Imagine waking up and being part of a team with game changing ambitions and limits beyond belief. Your peers are capable, pleasant and multicultural - they do not only listen to your ideas, they help you chase them. To boot, you can even be yourself and don’t need to look like a movie star every day or bend yourself in any direction. You will work in a highly collaborative environment that mirrors more of a startup than a big company where you can always express your opinions and thoughts.  Maybe you’re still dreaming and this is a unicorn riding on the back of a burgundy elephant – but maybe it’s not. Roles and Responsibilities We are building a product that will provide a collaborative working space for entrepreneurs. We strongly believe that we are building a competent and capable product, and are looking for team players who want to take up the challenge of solving problems together. We want people who want to question the idea and brainstorm on it with the team. You will have to define your own tasks, prioritise them and be able to work on them simultaneously. You should be self motivated and be able to organise your own self within the project. You will have to take ownership and responsibility instead of receiving instructions - and there will definitely be a lot of learning, experimenting and fun. We are looking for DevOps Engineers who are detail oriented and have a knack for finding the best practices in DevOps. As of now, you will work with Nginx and Docker on an AWS Architecture. Basic Qualifications Nginx, AWS Services and AWS Networking System Administration, Unix / Linux Git, GitLab / GitHub / BitBucket Fluent in English Preferred Qualifications Docker, Docker Compose Cluster Management - Swarm / Fleet / Flannel CI/CD Pipelines Shell Scripting, CoreOS Appreciated Qualifications Automation, Testing, Containerisation, Provisioning, Monitoring, Horizontal and Vertical Scaling We would love to see your projects and your code. Do share your website and any other link with us. For example, live projects hosted on Heroku or your GitHub, StackOverflow, HackerRank profiles. Apply for this job 4P Home Page Jobs powered by    Versal     All jobs → DevOps Engineer   DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · DevOps   Description In this role, you’ll work collaboratively with our engineering team to deploy and operate multiple application systems, automate and streamline our operations and processes, and build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations. This is an on-site position based in our San Francisco office with flexible scheduling opportunities. Requirements  4+ years of software development experience  Strong background in Linux/Unix Administration, especially Ubuntu  Experience with automation/configuration management using Chef 12/13  In-depth understanding of AWS, especially EC2, RDS, VPC, CloudFront  Strong experience with SQL and MySQL/MariaDb (NoSQL experience is a plus, too, since we also use Redis)  Percona and Galera knowledge is a definite plus  A working understanding of code and script (Ruby, Perl, bash, JavaScript)  Knowledge of best practices and operations in an always-up, always-available SaaS service  An eye to securing hosts, dealing with security vendors, and maintaining systems with the latest patches  Versal is committed to creating a diverse company culture and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.    Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Versal website  Powered by Workable                          Featured Jobs   Administrative/Support Jobs  Customer Service/Call Center Jobs  Executive Jobs  Finance/Accounting Jobs  Human Resources/Legal Jobs  Information Technology Jobs  Real Estate Field Services Jobs  Marketing/Communications Jobs  Real Estate Operations/Management Jobs  Sales/Account Management Jobs     Locations    Not finding a job?   Join Our Talent Community  View All Jobs           Search Our Open Positions    Search by Keyword      Search by Location              Search by Keyword      Search by Location            Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now           Email   Start         Please wait...         Share this Job                          Senior DevOps (Site Reliability) Engineer  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...       Date:  Nov 8, 2017    Location:  Emeryville, CA, US    Company:  Realogy Services Group LLC         Requisition 45426   About ZapLabs LLC ZapLabs ( www.zaplabs.com ) is the innovation and technology hub for global real estate leader Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), and the driving force behind inventive technology for brokers and agents affiliated with Realogy’s world renowned real estate brands. ZapLabs delivers its highly effective consumer, sales associate and broker solutions in support of Realogy’s leading franchise brands and is positioned to expand the scope of its technology development efforts to encompass Realogy’s other business segments, including residential brokerage, relocation and settlement services. ZapLabs is headquartered in Emeryville, California.    Job Title: Senior DevOps (Site Reliability) Engineer    At ZapLabs, we work to build and improve a platform that helps real estate professionals work effectively, and helps delight home buyers and sellers with an excellent experience. We do that by combining great technology with great people – and we’re looking for a Senior DevOps (Site Reliability) Engineer to join our team.    What we’re looking for:  You’re a highly motivated Senior DevOps (Site Reliability) Engineer who will help build a modern infrastructure for building, deploying, and monitoring high-volume consumer-facing web applications, along with internal tools and systems. You should be passionate about engineering and operations (you read the Netflix and Airbnb engineering blogs with your morning coffee, and you have a copy of Google’s Site Reliability Engineering book on your bedside table). You excel at writing code to automate everything.    What you’ll do :  You’ll work on transitioning a good chunk of our infrastructure to AWS, helping us move to a container-based service architecture, and supporting the “Big Data” infrastructure used by our Data Science team. Some of your responsibilities include:   Create and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations  Play a critical role in building systems to:  Manage and automate servers  Move a majority of our infrastructure into AWS over the next six months    Help the development team with tools and services to enhance productivity  Write exceptional code code (data structures, algorithms, etc.)  Mentor junior team members     Skills, accomplishments, & interests you should have :   6+ years of experience working in a Software Engineering/DevOps role  3+ years of experience working with UNIX/Linux systems administration  BS in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical discipline  Skill with configuration management tools, preferably Salt (we have lots of servers and need to manage them in an automated way)  Experience working with configuration management tools, preferably Chef  Experience working with continuous integration software, e.g. Jenkins or Bamboo  Solid communication skills, both verbal and written  Ability to iterate quickly in an agile development process  Ability to learn new technologies and evaluate multiple technologies to solve a problem  Strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit  Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment     Nice to haves :   AWS skills – a big part of the plan for the next six months is to move services into AWS.  Skill with resource managers, e.g. Mesos, Kubernetes, Yarn, etc.  Experience with Docker—this is a big part of how we’re going to be able to scale services and give engineers the tools they need to produce and deploy them.  Experience with distributed messaging systems, e.g. Kafka  Skill with “Big Data” tools, e.g. Spark, Hive, HDFS     We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats.    Realogy Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries are committed to providing equal employment opportunity (“EEO”) and will make employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, sexual preference, gender identity or gender expression, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected under applicable laws and regulations. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable laws and regulations.  Under the Americans with Disabilities Act and other applicable laws Realogy will provide reasonable accommodation to disabled applicants upon request during the application process to ensure equal opportunities to be considered for employment.    To learn more about Realogy and the accomplishments of our brands, log on to www.realogy.com .    Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices.  All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  ZIP123     Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Engineer, Real Estate, Computer Science, Linux, Unix, Engineering, Sales, Technology      Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...           Find similar jobs:   ZapLabs Jobs,  Information Technology Jobs       ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users    Email*   Password*   Forgot Password?   Sign in   * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create        ×  Create Profile        Working...   Next »       ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »                Home  Realogy.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy     Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  Realogy endeavors to make our careers site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process due to a disability, please email realogyrecruiter@realogy.com. Please note that Realogy will respond only to requests for accommodations due to a disability.                                        Senior Software Engineer, Devops San Francisco Engineering Full-time Apply for this job At Amplitude, we’re building analytics that helps our customers use data to build better products and drive growth. We’re already the analytics platform of choice for many top product teams around the world including Microsoft, Square, and Hubspot. Backed by top VCs - Battery Ventures, Benchmark and YCombinator - our team is defining the future of how companies interact with data to build better products. Our infrastructure consists of over 700 servers on AWS and is continuing to grow. As a member of our Devops team, you will be responsible for managing and scaling of our infrastructure. You will work on our deployment, automation, and monitoring systems. You will also work closely with our development team to implement the necessary processes to keep our platform highly available and efficient. Your work will touch many technologies including AWS, SaltStack, Docker, Jenkins, Consul, Redis, Kafka, and Postgres. Responsibilities Develop internal tooling for automating the deployment of applications Manage the monitoring of our applications Work with SaltStack for configuration management Participate in an on-call rotation with the development team Research and implement improvements to how we manage our infrastructure Skills and Experience B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science or another technical field 3+ years of experience working in a Software Engineering/DevOps role Experience with AWS, shell scripting/UNIX, and Python Familiarity with a deployment tool like Chef, Ansible, Saltstack Experience managing and automating large AWS deployments (100+ machines) Previous experience in distributed systems, data processing and analytics is a plus Strong foundation in programming, algorithms, and software application design Passion for solving challenging problems and iterating quickly About Amplitude At Amplitude, we’re on a mission to help product teams understand their users’ behavior so that they can build better products. We’ve built a product analytics platform that enables anyone, regardless of analytics experience, to listen to what their users are telling them through user behavior. Founded in 2012, Amplitude is located in San Francisco’s SOMA neighborhood. We recently raised a $30M Series C and are backed by IVP, Battery Ventures, Benchmark Capital, and Y Combinator. You can learn more about our team, culture, and environment at https://amplitude.com/careers . Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Apply for this job Amplitude Home Page Jobs powered by                 × Close   Full Stack Engineer  San Francisco, United States    Overview Sportradar, the global leader in understanding and leveraging the power of sports data and digital content is seeking a Full Stack Engineer for its Digital Sports group in San Francisco. As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Sportradar in San Francisco, you will build and grow our next generation of user-facing sports products for fans, media, teams, coaches and more. As the official data provider for the NFL, NBA, NFL, NASCAR, Sportradar has exclusive distribution rights to all in game data, this includes both live play-by-play stats and sensor data from chips in every player's shoulder pads for the NFL and optical tracking data for the NBA. Our team is focused on going beyond the raw data to drive insights and engaging experiences in the marketplace. You'll get to work with the latest tools and technologies to drive innovation and bring new product to market. We are looking for someone who is passionate about sports and has a great sense of ownership and pride in the products they build. WHAT YOU'LL DO Work on all aspects of our platform, including UI, core services and data pipelines Collaborate with cross-functional team of product, design and engineering Take ownership in shaping and delivering key features/products Write high-quality frontend/backend code in Javascript (Node.js / React / Angular.js) Build testable code and help increase our coverage and confidence Work in a modern, collaborative development environment (GitHub, PRs) Be or become familiar with full continuous delivery workflow and AWS Work with relational and NoSQL datastores (Postgres) WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR IN YOU 5+ years experience in full stack software engineering Software development experience using Node.js (solid Javascript) Strong relational database experience (SQL, Performance Tuning) Strong fundamentals in software development Web app (SPA) development experience (React) Understanding of application and system architectural patterns Nice to have: AWS/DevOps, Lambdas, Serverless Arch, Angular What you'll get from us Talk sports every day. The opportunity to join an exciting team and make an impact on the product and our customer products. Camaraderie of a talented and passionate team, working hard to deliver innovative products. Competitive salary and benefits. Excellent medical and dental plans. 401K and PTO! About Sportradar Sportradar is the leading provider of sports data and information globally, covering over 350,000 live events across 48 sports. Sportradar has developed the industry's most proficient software, distributing content and data that is easy to consume while setting new standards for speed and accuracy. Turner Media, Twitter and Samsung are among the leading companies in sports and digital media relying on Sportradar for innovative content, comprehensive applications and product development. Exclusive agreements with the NFL, NBA, NHL, International Tennis Federation and NASCAR are among its 65 worldwide league and federation partnerships. The firm's U.S. Advisory Board includes Ted Leonsis, Mark Cuban and Michael Jordan. Sportradar was recently named a finalist by Sports Business Journal in the category of Sports Breakthrough of the Year for its annual Sports Business Awards. Learn more at www.sportradar.com.   Make the team: Join us and shape (y)our future! Apply    Share:                Apply                      Complete your profile      An error occurred.                                                                                                                                                                                                          Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            DevOps Engineer    Mainz Brady Group ,   Oakland, CA               Posted 3 days ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: devops,puppet,ci/cd,unix/linux,vmware    Oakland, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                Mainz Brady Group                                       Mainz Brady Group                              devops, puppet, ci/cd, unix/linux, vmware, git, jenkins, wso2, open stack, cloud,          Contract W2, 12 months            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Our client in San Francisco has immediate need for Senior DevOps Engineer. This is a 12 month contract (w2 only) opportunity in Oakland, CA. STRONG experience with Puppet is a MUST. You should know Linux / Unix inside and out. Should have extensive experience with VMware, open stack, cloud technologies. You must have experience with deployment to the cloud and working in large VM environments. Experience with Jenkins and GIT are required. DevOps Responsibilities: Design, write and deliver software to improve the availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency of services. Solve problems relating to the systems and build automation to prevent problem recurrence; with the goal of automating response to all non-exceptional service conditions. Engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis and system tuning. Troubleshoot and mitigate the thorniest problems in our most mission-critical systems. Advise the team during postmortems on effectively avoiding repeated incidents Required Qualifications 7+ years of application development and implementation experience Experience with CI/CD Strong Puppet experience is a MUST! Experience working with Unix/Linux systems from kernel to shell and beyond, with experience working with system libraries, file systems, and client-server protocols Extensive experience using VMware Experience using GIT and Jenkins Experience with WS02 Networking: experience with network theory e.g. TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, etc., MAC addresses, IP packets, DNS, OSI layers, and load balancing. ***This is a w2 contract position. No 3rd Party candidates please.***       Apply Now   Save this job         Company Information  At Mainz Brady Group, we recognize that our greatest strength is the people we provide…you! We will work with you to help you manage your career, now and in the future, and it all starts with our partnership.              Dice Id : 10114266    Position Id : 13294ek                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       DevOps Engineer  Mainz Brady Group | Oakland, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        DevOps Engineer  Mainz Brady Group | Oakland, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of DevOps Engineer with Mainz Brady Group through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         DevOps Engineer  Mainz Brady Group         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site               1-888-991-2791 | 24/7 Live Support  Location | Careers | Contact Us                     Our Process  Services  Case Studies  Clients  Partners  Blog  About Us  Contact                 ClearScale Is Growing  Talk to a Cloud Specialist          Overview  Our Team  Careers  Cloud Resources  Contact Us          We empower teams to achieve their goals  ClearScale is a leading cloud systems integration firm providing a wide range of cloud services including architecture design, development, integration, migration, automation, and managed services. We help Fortune 500 enterprises, mid-sized business, and startups succeed with ambitious, challenging, and unique cloud projects. We architect, develop, and launch innovative and sophisticated solutions using the best cutting-edge cloud technologies.  ClearScale is growing quickly and there is high demand for the services we provide. Clients come to us for our deep experience with key cloud infrastructure, automation, and management providers like AWS, Chef, and Docker.  This is a unique opportunity to make a big impact, enjoy competitive compensation, work on a wide variety of projects for clients across multiple industries, and work alongside some of the best minds in cloud.  See below for open positions and details on how to apply.  Current openings      ClearScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: ClearScale is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at ClearScale are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. ClearScale will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. ClearScale encourages applicants of all ages.           Case Study   Innovation Leadership “Samsung Cloud Print”  Read Case Study        Blog  Robust & Scalable Voter Guide Solution Leveraging Amazon Web Services  Read Blog        White Paper   San Jose Water Company Expedites New Feature Delivery with DevOps Help from ClearScale on AWS  Read White Paper        Case Study   The Big Data Infrastructure That Powers The Globe and Mail’s Article Recommendation Engine  Read Case Study              San Francisco  Headquarters  71 Stevenson St.  Suite 400  San Francisco, CA 94105  O: 1-888-991-2791  F: 1-415-655-6601    Denver  999 18th Street,  Suite 3000  Denver, CO 80202  O: 1-303-357-4738    Phoenix  2266 South Dobson Road  Suite 200  Mesa, AZ 85202  O: 1-480-603-3034    Toronto  100 King Street West  Suite 5600  Toronto, Ontario, M5X 1C9  O: 1-416-479-5447    New York  165 Broadway, 23rd Floor  New York City, NY 10006  O: 1-646-759-3656                    © 2017 ClearScale, LLC. All Rights Reserved.  About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy                        live chat answering service                 Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply                 Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *        Have you heard of Rally before applying to the job posting? If so, where?       Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)? *     --  Yes  No    Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No      U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Rally Health are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Go to the main content section. | My Account Options | Sign In This service is set to disconnect automatically after {0} minutes of inactivity. Your session will end in {1} minutes. Click OK to reset the timer to {0} minutes. You have been signed out. This service is set to sign out after {0} minutes of inactivity. Job Search My Jobpage Basic Search | Advanced Search | Jobs Matching My Profile | All Jobs My Submissions | My Job Cart | My Saved Searches | Beginning of the main content section. Return to the home page Printable Format Return to previous position on page    - Primary Location  Other Locations  Full-time / Part-time  Employee Status  Overtime Status  Job Type   Travel  Shift    Target Start Date  Target End Date  Refer a friend for this job Refer a friend Refer a candidate Submit a candidate's profile                        Featured Jobs   Administrative/Support Jobs  Customer Service/Call Center Jobs  Executive Jobs  Finance/Accounting Jobs  Human Resources/Legal Jobs  Information Technology Jobs  Real Estate Field Services Jobs  Marketing/Communications Jobs  Real Estate Operations/Management Jobs  Sales/Account Management Jobs     Locations    Not finding a job?   Join Our Talent Community  View All Jobs           Search Our Open Positions    Search by Keyword      Search by Location              Search by Keyword      Search by Location            Email similar jobs to me       Join with LinkedIn            Join with Facebook            Join Now           Email   Start         Please wait...         Share this Job                          Director, Data Engineering  Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...       Date:  Nov 3, 2017    Location:  Emeryville, CA, US    Company:  Realogy Services Group LLC         Requisition 42113   About ZapLabs LLC ZapLabs ( www.zaplabs.com ) is the innovation and technology hub for global real estate leader Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY), and the driving force behind inventive technology for brokers and agents affiliated with Realogy’s world renowned real estate brands. ZapLabs delivers its highly effective consumer, sales associate and broker solutions in support of Realogy’s leading franchise brands and is positioned to expand the scope of its technology development efforts to encompass Realogy’s other business segments, including residential brokerage, relocation and settlement services. ZapLabs is headquartered in Emeryville, California.    Job Title: Director of Data Engineering  At ZapLabs, we work to build and improve a platform that helps real estate professionals work effectively, and helps delight home buyers and sellers with an excellent experience. We do that by combining great technology with great people – and we’re looking for a Director of Data Engineering to join our team.    What we’re looking for :  You’re a talented, creative, and motivated engineer at heart who loves developing performant, scalable resilient data platforms – and you’re excited to lead a team of individuals with that same passion. You’ve accumulated years of experience, and you’re excited about taking your mastery of Big Data and Java to a new level. You enjoy challenging projects involving huge data sets and are cool under pressure. You’re no stranger to fast-paced environments and agile development methodologies – in fact, you embrace them. With your strong analytical skills, your unwavering commitment to quality, your excellent technical skills, and your collaborative work ethic, you’ll do great things here at ZapLabs.    What you’ll do :  As the Director of Data Engineering, you’ll be responsible for leading teams that build high performance, scalable data solutions that meet the needs of millions of agents, brokers, home buyers, and sellers. You’ll mentor your team in the art of designing, developing, and testing robust, scalable data platform components. You’ll work with a variety of teams and individuals, including product engineers, product managers, and designers, to understand their data pipeline needs and come up with innovative solutions.    Skills, accomplishments, interests you should have :   BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline - or equivalent combination of training and experience  Experience with building and leading mediums sized teams of engineers and architects (4-10 FTE)  8+ years core Java experience: building business logic layers and back-end systems for high-volume pipelines  Experience collaborating with outside engineering teams and organizations  Experience with spark streaming and scala technologies  Current experience in Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce and HDFS, Cassandra/HBase  Understanding of data flows, data architecture, ETL, and processing of structured and unstructured data  Current experience using Java development, SQL Database systems, and Apache products  Experience with high-speed messaging frameworks and streaming (Kafka, Akka, Reactive)  Current experience developing and deploying applications to a public cloud (AWS, GCE)  Experience with DevOps tools (GitHub, TravisCI, Jira) and methodologies (Lean, Agile, Scrum, Test Driven Development)  Experience with data science and machine/deep learning a plus  Ability to work quickly with an eye towards writing clean code that is efficient and reusable  Ability to build prototypes for new features that will delight our users and are consistent with business goals  Ability to iterate quickly in an agile development process  Ability to learn new technologies and evaluate multiple technologies to solve a problem  Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English  Strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit     Nice to haves:     Experience with Lambda Architectures built on SMACK stack   We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats.        EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  ZIP123     Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland   Job Segment:  Manager, Database, Engineer, Computer Science, Outside Sales, Management, Technology, Engineering, Sales      Apply now »   Apply now       Start apply with LinkedIn            Start apply with Facebook            Apply Now           Email   Start         Please wait...           Find similar jobs:   ZapLabs Jobs,  Information Technology Jobs       ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Sign in    We noticed that you are already a member of our Talent Community. Please enter your password to continue.    Email*   Not you?  Password*   Forgot Password?  Submit   Cancel   * required field      ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    We noticed you have accounts in our “Talent Community" and “Application" systems. We take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.    Account Email:      Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.   1. Reset your password:    The "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. Return to this page to enter your new password.    Click here to reset your Password     2. Enter your NEW password here:         Submit   Cancel       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Account Verification    Your accounts have been successfully synchronized. Use your new password when accessing our systems.         Confirm       ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Already a Member    You are already a user of this site. Please sign in.    Email*   Not you?   Password*   Forgot Password?  Sign in   Cancel   * required field      ×  Start Your Application      Existing Users    Email*   Password*   Forgot Password?   Sign in   * required field      New Users  Create a new account now!   Start Your Application  Receive Email Updates  Join our Talent Community   Create        ×  Create Profile        Working...   Next »       ×  Create Profile      Working...   Next »                Home  Realogy.com  Top Job Searches  View All Jobs  Privacy Policy     Realogy Holdings Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its hiring and business practices. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability  Realogy endeavors to make our careers site accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process due to a disability, please email realogyrecruiter@realogy.com. Please note that Realogy will respond only to requests for accommodations due to a disability.                                                                          1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Sr. Platform Engineer     Job Category:   Technology - Infrastructure Engineering     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ) US - Illinois - Chicago US - Massachusetts - Boston US - New York - New York US - Utah - Salt Lake City US - Washington - Bellevue     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        Sr. Platform Engineer Salesforce is looking to hire a Sr. Member for the platform engineering team for the DMP product. So, you're well versed in infrastructure and operations, but figured out that there is code that can run it for you. You hate waking up at 2am to production failures and that's why you have monitors for everything, and enough failover or self-healing setup so you can deal with it in the morning. You're fine with rolling out code all the time because if anything unexpected happens, you have it covered. You did this already. Twice. So you automated it. And when the caching system had a problem, you found the bug, fixed it and sent them a patch. Great, we're dying to talk to you! Salesforce might be just the place for you; we're looking for people who can build and operate big data infrastructures, fast changing webapps, real time APIs and a lot of traffic. People who are technical experts and get things done by using their smarts and whatever tools make sense to get the job done. People who love to solve new problems and thrive in a rapidly innovating space.  Your day to day:  Provide expertise in the design, implementation, and operation of scalable distributed systems to assist development teams in making the right decisions early Develop new methods and tools to automate and self-heal production environments Apply software development workflows to operational environments Test and tune newly developed systems to prepare them for production deployment and ensure maximum performance at minimum cost Automate packaging, deployment, and configuration of internally developed applications Measure everything, providing critical operational insight into our applications Become and stay an expert in our internal applications, from the high-level architecture down to the code Implement new application features, especially features supporting operational excellence: stability, scalability, redundancy, etc. Build tools that make your colleagues more effective Lead, coach and grow our DevOps practice by bridging development, Ops and QA Become and stay an expert in current and emerging technologies and tools Contribute to Open Source solutions and communities we use wherever you can  Your tech friends would say you:  really know about scalable infrastructure ran production services in the cloud (AWS) and know where it's awesome and where it hurts are a great communicator make things work and get things done love to leave things better than how you found them really grok your CI (jenkins, etc), config management (puppet) and VCS tools (git) love to automate anything you've done more than twice can write a one-liner for anything, but know when not to are fluent in at least one programming language (preferably python, Scala, and/or Java, but any language will do) can't go to sleep knowing your tests or monitors are failing love to learn new things and can do so quickly you don't just use the code, you contribute  Your tech friends might even say you:  love agile/lean development and delivering code know the pros and cons of all the technology trends in your field make excellent informed decisions and know when to ask for advice know your way around the entire stack have a great sense of humor *LI - Y      Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Sr. Platform Engineer position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today      Apply Now  Full Stack Engineer (Founding Team)  at Terminal 49  (View all jobs)  San Francisco (Remote)    About Terminal 49  Terminal 49 is a trucking service for port to warehouse transportation. We help move shipping containers for large importers and exporters. At Terminal 49, our mission is to make global trade efficient and less expensive for businesses. We already have growing business with dozens of customers where we are helping companies import everything from wine and tiles to auto-parts.  We are funded by a phenomenal set of investors including Initialized Capital, Box Group, Afore Capital, Liquid 2 Ventures, Lee Linden and the founders of Firebase, Cruise Automation and Heyzap.    Technologies We Use  Front-end : ES6 JS, Ember.js, HTML & SASS  Backend (API) :  Rails 5, JSON API, Redis, Sidekiq  Ops : Codeship, Heroku, AWS    Job Purpose:  Software and efficient engineering is the core to our business and we are bringing automation to this manual operationally-heavy industry that touches our everyday lives. Our passion is in building amazing tooling for this industry to fundamentally improve global trade.  With that Vision, we are looking for our first Full Stack Engineer to join our early team. As engineer #1, you’ll be focusing on understanding the needs of our customers in-depth and will identify and implement solutions to automate many of the manual tasks. Your solutions will be used by employees of both customer and trucking partners on a daily basis and you’ll have a great impact on how they conduct their business and what they spend their time on.  You’ll be joining a team of 2 founders who are Y Combinator alumni, “ Forbes 30 under 30 ” recipients, and have previously worked at LeadGenius(founder), Picplum(founder), Google and Live Nation.    What you’ll do:   Work closely with the founders to spec and implement core products and features.  Implement new interfaces and functionality from the ground up, including the APIs.  Guide the development of our front and backend architecture using modern development practices.  Build systems to automate the manual and recurring tasks performed daily by the operations team.   You are:   A full-stack generalist with deep experience building web applications.  Comfortable with modern JS frameworks (especially Ember.js), HTML and SCSS  Have experience building and running production-ready API’s.  Obsess about continuous product improvement beyond shipping new products  Passionate about solving a real-world problem  Willing to challenge the status-quo and seek to improve yourself and those around you.  Strong bias towards action but ground your decisions on data and a thorough process  You deeply care about contributing in a team towards a shared goal.     Qualifications and Nice to have skills:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Technical Science is highly preferred  Minimum 3-5 years experience in similar environment  Native android or iPhone development experience.  Experience with image analysis and document parsing technologies.  User interface and visual design chops.  Experience with AWS, DEVOPS, docker, kubernetes.   Company Benefits:   Flexible vacation.  Team Lunches and happy hours.  Medical, dental, and vision insurance.  $100 monthly fitness and wellness reimbursement.  Commuter reimbursement.  401k plan.   Company Culture:   A great team of helpful, kind, motivated, and talented people to work with  We are open to new ideas  Flexibility to work remotely   Salary : $120K – $150K  Equity : 1% - 3%  Terminal 49 is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.         Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    How many years of full-time experience do you have with JS frameworks (React, Ember, etc)? *        How many years of full-time experience do you have with backend web services (Rails, Node, etc)? *        How many years of experience do you have with Javascript SPA frameworks? *        Why did you decide to apply for this job at Terminal 49? (2-3 sentences) *        Tell us about the most challenging engineering project that you have been involved with during past year? *        Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No    LinkedIn Profile *        Github, or any other links you want to share.       How did you hear about this job? *        Your Current location       Are you willing to work remotely if you are currently located outside of San Francisco, CA? *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Robotics Cloud Automation Engineer  at Anki  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA    About Us:  We bring objects to life through Robotics and Artificial Intelligence, allowing people to build relationships with technology that feel a little more human.  At Anki, we create robots that move you.  With multiple hit entertainment products, including Anki Overdrive and Cozmo, we are now making a big push to scale our robotics platform into broader consumer markets.  To date, we have closed over $200M in investments from top-tier investors such as Andreessen Horowitz and JP Morgan Chase and are once again growing our talented Engineering team.  We’re building exciting robots with personality - that’s why we need you. You’ll get to work for a company where fun is hard-wired into our products and our culture. And you’ll help one of the most forward-thinking robotics companies out there break new ground, every day.  Description:  We are seeking a Robotics Cloud Automation Engineer to help us bring the next generation of robotics to the consumer market. You will be part of a small, highly focused team focused on supporting the team with mobile testing and debugging the components of what will be one of the most sophisticated uses of artificial intelligence and robotics in a consumer product. With a strong core team and top investors backing the company, we’re looking for someone who is passionate about bringing innovative consumer products to market and building a great company.  Responsibilities:   Test, Design, implement, and expand mission critical and high-volume AI services running on a major cloud service  Evaluate existing AI services from major cloud providers involving voice, NLP, and image recognition  Create and enhance robust test suites of your code, be passionate about the value of automated testing  Support robust automation of development, deployment, operation, and investigation of services  Participate in and lead security investigations, performance testing, and troubleshooting  Work with business and technology stakeholders to obtain requirements, define projects, and own the delivery of those projects  Work along with the platform team including DevOps engineers to maintain high reliability during peak use, have a passion for monitoring, logging, and systems   Must-Have Qualifications: .   Strong experience with either C++, Go, or Python in a production environment  5+ years of professional software engineering experience  Excellent developer familiarity with a major cloud platform such as Amazon AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure  Experience creating horizontally scalable services  Ability to prioritize and track multiple projects in parallel  Passion for robotics and artificial intelligence   Desired Qualifications:   Experience with machine learning or speech/NLP/image recognition systems provided by Amazon AWS, Google Cloud, Watson, or Azure/Bing.  Experience with voice assistant technology such as Amazon’s Alexa, or Google Home Assistant, or Microsoft Cortana.  Knowledge of deep-network tools such as TensorFlow or Caffe.  Experience with cloud tools such as Amazon EC2/ECS/S3/Redshift, DynamoDB, or MySQL.  Experience managing security, load testing, logging of cloud services  Experience with Docker/containers   Benefits:   Competitive salaries, stock options and great benefits (health, subsidized public transportation costs, generous vacation)  Great San Francisco office with lots of light and great views, convenient to every mode of mass transit – on wheels, on rails and on water  Agile startup environment where you’ll help shape the culture and have a huge impact  Free catered lunches, snacks and drinks  You get to work on innovative products and challenging problems with some amazingly talented (and fun) people!   Company Highlights:   Top tier investors such as Andreessen Horowitz, Index Ventures, JPMorgan Investment, and Two Sigma Ventures.  Experts in the industry: Co-Founded by 3 Carnegie Mellon PhDs in robotics and machine learning. Huge leap over competitors in terms of product development and domain knowledge.  Huge market potential: Conglomerate of applications in the Robotics and Artificial Intelligence space.  Record revenue growth over the last three years.  Headquartered in San Francisco with over 200 employees and plans to scale.          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)  at Scribd  (View all jobs)  San Francisco headquarters    Scribd  /skribbed/ (n).   a tech company changing the way the world reads  a membership that gives users access to the world’s largest online library of books, audiobooks, and sheet music   We value trying new things, craftsmanship, being an open book, and the people that make our team great.  Join us and build something meaningful.  About the Team  We’re responsible for keeping Scribd up, responsive, and secure. Our duties include configuration management with Chef, wrestling with tricky Rails bugs, big-data cluster wrangling with Hadoop, mitigating the logo-branded vulnerability du jour, wearing a DBA hat to the InnoDB rodeo, bomb-proofing the mad science lab that is our codebase and, very occasionally, sweeping up the pieces when everything blows up. (We don’t let that last happen often.)  We work on almost every part of our application stack, from the servers and storage through the databases and caches to the application itself. We write code ourselves, including deep in the guts of our product, and developers also come to us for technical guidance. You’ll not simply operate the systems, but be part of the system-building process from the start. We’ve all seen the “worked in dev, ops problem now” meme and reject that world-view.  We believe in continuously improving our skills and codebase, work/life balance, and doing things right over doing them fast. We’re looking for engineers who share these views and are interested in contributing their knowledge, skills, and sound technical judgement to a growing engineering organization. In return, we offer interesting problems, plenty of opportunity to influence key technical decisions, and the chance to top the office pinball high score table.  Our tools and technologies   Linux (primarily CentOS)  Ruby (our core codebase is Rails), but with projects in Go and Scala too  Chef  MySQL (Percona), HBase and Elasticsearch  Hadoop, Hive and Spark, all fed via Kafka  Nagios, Graphite and Grafana  Nginx, HAProxy and Varnish, to serve our content to the wider world   Haven’t worked with precisely the same set of technologies we use, but you’ve used something broadly similar? No problem! We’re just as happy to talk FreeBSD or commiserate with your AIX and pains as we are to chat about CentOS.  About the Role  You will   Develop, operate, and troubleshoot the systems that keep Scribd alive and fast  Build, maintain and extend our automation. Quelling robot uprisings strictly optional  Pioneer, evaluate, and deploy new technologies for the entire engineering organization  Work in partnership with your peers on the product engineering teams  Be part of an on-call rotation with other members of the DevOps team  Work independently within a team environment to prioritize workload   About you   Local candidates are great, but the DevOps team is open to remote candidates and those looking relocate  3-5+ years professional experience in an Engineering, Technical Operations, or DevOps role  Professional experience with at least part of our tech stack, but not necessarily every piece   Why we work here   We are located in downtown San Francisco, just a few minutes’ walk from BART  100% employer covered Medical/Dental/Vision for regular, full time employees  We have a small budget for our employees to attend conferences, classes, and other events  We have a lot of trust with very little bureaucracy  Three meals a day, catered from local restaurants  Coffee and tea runs every afternoon  Apple laptops and Thunderbolt displays  Company events that include monthly happy hours and offsites (past events include Safari West, Stinson Beach, ski trips, etc.)  In  the  meantime,  check  out  our  office  and  meet  some  of  the  team  on  The  Muse ! https://www.themuse.com/companies/scribd   Scribd values diversity, and we make all hiring and employment decisions based on merit, qualifications, competence, talent, and contribution, not who you are by choice or circumstance. We value the people who make Scribd a great place to work and strive to create an environment where your work is supported and personhood respected.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Why are you interested in this role at Scribd?       Have you worked on a 24/7 on-call schedule before?       Please tell us about your experience working on a product with rapid/continuous release                  Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Systems Engineer Berkeley, CA Business Organization – Information Technology / IT Full-time Apply for this job As Systems Engineer you will handle all issues surrounding Rigetti Computing’s client-server IT elements and related systems, as well as automation and procedural functions to best support the entire organization. We’re looking for a technical leader, with a broad range of experience, who can help chart the direction of Rigetti’s IT path. This role reports to the Director of IT. Rigetti Computing is a full-stack quantum computing company based in Berkeley and Fremont, CA. We design and manufacture superconducting quantum integrated circuits. We package and deploy those chips in a low temperature environment, and we build control systems to perform quantum logic operations on them. We build software to integrate our systems directly into existing cloud infrastructure.  Key Responsibilities Troubleshooting, setup, and configuration of servers, clients, and virtual elements Installation and management of relevant software to support business functions Work closely with Engineering teams on quantum control platforms Application of company security frameworks and policies Configuration and user management General IT support and documentation Off-hours coverage for critical system issues as necessary About You 4+ years of recent, hands-on experience in a production IT environment as a Linux/UNIX systems administrator, or systems/DevOps engineer Experience with virtualization and containerization frameworks (VMware, Docker, etc) Experience with server and storage hardware and datacenter methodologies Experience with system automation frameworks (Puppet, Chef, Ansible, etc) Experience with Windows Server and Active Directory Experience with automated endpoint management and deployment Experience with bash/shell scripting Real passion for new technologies, and a solid basis in current and past ones Excellent oral and written communications skills, ability to work in dynamic team environment High degree of comfort in a flexible, agile company environment Ability to operate independently as needed Detail oriented, comfortable with multiple projects and deliverables Must be authorized to work in the U.S. Nice to Have B.S. in IT, CS, or related discipline Professional certifications in appropriate areas Experience with small teams or other small-company/startup work environments We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Rigetti Computing offers a comprehensive benefits package, including full healthcare coverage. For more information, refer to our full careers page here . Rigetti Computing hereby reserves the right to make use of any unsolicited resumes received from outside recruiting agencies and/or individual recruiters without being responsible for payment of any fees asserted from the use of unsolicited resumes. Apply for this job Rigetti Computing Home Page Jobs powered by    Postman     All jobs → DevOps Engineer   DevOps Engineer  San Francisco, California, United States · Engineering   Description We're looking for an experienced DevOps Engineer for our San Francisco office, who will own the reliability, scalability, security and the ease of management of our SaaS Platforms . You'll work closely with members of the engineering teams, and report to our VP of Engineering. We want talented engineers with strong foundations who can pick up new tools on the fly. We want you to share our passion for developing products that will help make the lives of API developers and consumers easier. Responsibilities:  Design and implement the tools and processes used for deployment and change management.  Own, maintain, and continuously improve all systems.  Engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, anticipating performance bottlenecks and provisioning new hardware as necessary.  Run software performance analysis and system tuning.  Requirements  Passion for automation, simplicity, consistency, security, availability, and scalability of systems.  3+ years of experience with the Amazon Web Services stack  Experience in a customer facing 24x7 environment, contributing directly to systems architecture  Advanced knowledge of UNIX/Linux.  Strong sense of ownership, drive and an obsessive attention to detail.  Good to have: Experience with MySQL databases  Benefits We offer competitive salary, benefits, and options, and we're located right on Market Street in downtown San Francisco.    Apply for this job         Use your Indeed resume to apply for this job             Postman website  Powered by Workable        Job Search | Post Resume                DevOps Engineer    Category:   IT Operations    Description:   As we transition from our relationship with our existing web development partner to a more in-house setup, we are seeking guidance and support to determine a scaled-down protocol for development operations (DevOps) and system administration.    Requirements:   The operational goals for our organization are to: ●	Rapidly deploy small-scale features and bug fixes, assuming a single or pair of in-house developers ●	To have simple code deployment from source control, to a staging environment, and finally to a production, live environment. ●	To have simple migration of content data from production to staging and a local development environment ●	To be sure that our server environments can stay up to date in as simple a fashion as possible Scope of work To achieve this, we are seeking a contract partner who can help us set up systems and teach best practices in order for us to keep moving forward with our in-house team. ●	Work with us to identify a best-fit architecture using off-the shelf components for our needs ●	Create a migration plan and cutover schedule no more than 45 days from our current pipeline ●	Train in-house staff on basic use and best practices of installed components ●	Develop documentation with in-house staff for common system operations to complete project.  Expertise required ●	Demonstrated expertise in DevOps system architecture and deployment for Node.js AND WordPress applications ●	Experience with small-scale, limited resource teams. Non-profit experience preferred ●	Ability to demonstrate, train, and document processes for new systems  Some of our considerations ●	With our small-scale resources, we value simplicity and low overhead over customization and state-of-the-art. ●	We are not currently looking to trade out our basic architecture, namely: ○	WordPress using Bedrock framework with WP-API for content management ○	Node.js using Hapi framework for web app, using React.js for front end We?re currently using an Amazon Web Services-based deployment?we?re open other resources if they can satisfy our needs for simplicity and low maintenance.    Location   San Francisco , CA    Minimum Experience (yrs):       Required Education:   BS    Benefits:       Return to search results  Email this job to a friend  Share this job on Facebook  *Logged in members may also add jobs to their job cart                        Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Senior Software Engineer    Delta Dental of California ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 1 week ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Senior Software Engineer    Edit     Skill: Java,RestAPI,Kafka,MicroServices,NoSQL(Mongodb    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               Java,RestAPI,Kafka, MicroServices, NoSQL(Mongodb, Cassandra),SQL          Full Time, Full - Time            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Job description We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer (Platform Engineering) with impressive technical skills and excellent communication and collaborative skills to help us build our Next Generation API Platform. Along with writing awesome code, you will be responsible for designing and building a highly scalable set of API suite that support our rich consumer facing applications. You will use industry best practices and work collaboratively with cross-functional team of product managers, architects, principal engineers, software engineers, test automation team and DevOps in an agile setup. Be part of an engineering team that builds and supports amazing customer-facing products that will drive the next generation of Delta Dental Digital Experience Description: Design, develop, test and maintain micro services to support our consumer facing applications. Write highest quality code with utmost attention to scalability, security and performance. Use TDD and participate in code-reviews with other software engineers. Job requirements: BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 5 - 7 years of experience designing and developing secure object oriented web services. Experience with all phases of software development. You have been there and done it, multiple times. You have strong experience in Java and Restful API Development. Experience with developing Micro Services highly desired. Some familiarity with exposing and securing APIs using an API Management Solution. Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases. Test Driven Development and knowledge of mocking frameworks such as EasyMock, Mockito. Some experience in at least a few of the following technologies in the below categories. The more the better: Spring Framework including, Spring Boot. Web Services: Spring, Jersey, Apache CXF, RESTEasy, Restlet Databases: Oracle, MySql, MongoDB, Cassandra etc. Distributed Cache: Redis, Coherence, Hazelcast Build & CI Tools: Maven, Jenkins, Gradle etc. Search & AI: Apache Solr, ElasticSearch, Natural Language Processing libraries (Stanford, apache). Message Brokers: Apache Kafka, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ. . Experience with Scrum, Agile Process, Unit Testing using Test Driven Development. Developing and deploying applications on AWS or private cloud. Expertise in Software Design and Architecture. Strong problem solving and communication skills. Great business acumen with a passion to solve for the customer.       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Harish Gulati  100 First St
				
				
					
						San Francisco, CA, 94105               Delta Dental of California,     Dice Id : ddpca    Position Id : 187548      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Senior Software Engineer with Delta Dental of California through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Senior Software Engineer  Delta Dental of California         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                     Nov 16, 2017          Jobs  Your Profile  Login        Job #9460: Engineering       Job Code: #9460  Title: DevOps/Cloud Engineer  Date Posted: 11/08/2017  Job Type: Temporary  Job Location: San Francisco
             
                
            
                CA   Job Description:   Outline  The Client is the leading risk management company which provides software, services and information to banks, insurance companies, non-financial corporations, and institutional investors in over 80 countries.  The Enterprise Risk Solutions (ERS) Division offers to Institutions a wide range of software, analytics and services to help risk management staff understand, measure, and manage risk within an enterprise risk context. The ERS Division is composed of experienced employees working with and drawing on the insight and expertise of our world-class analytics technology, data, software as well as market experience.  Our team is seeking a DevOps/Cloud Engineer who will help to design and build a new cloud platform for SaaS based products. The role will be involved in all major activities related to architecture, deployment, scripting/automation, security, and operations of the cloud platform on AWS and Azure. The platform is based on micro-services (using Java Spring Boot and NodeJS), Containers (using Docker/Kubernetes) and Big Data (using Hadoop/Spark).  Roles & Responsibilities   Design, build and automate the AWS infrastructure (VPC, EC2, Networking, EMR, RDS, S3, etc.) using Terraform/CloudFormation. Including auto-scaling, high-availability, fault tolerant and self-healing.  Deploy and configure Kubernetes clusters. Including networking configuration, centralized monitoring, logging and auto-scaling.  Deploy and configure Hadoop clusters using EMR/Hortonworks/Cloudera.  Design and implement a secure Data Lake using S3 with data at-rest encryption.  Design and build a CI/CD Pipeline to deploy applications using Jenkins and Docker.  Design and configure security policies based on IT/InfoSec guidelines. Including IAM, SSO, Security Groups, Data Encryption, etc.  Leveraging previous experience, assist development teams in building, deploying, and operating next generation applications in the cloud.   Qualifications   B.S. degree in Computer Science (or equivalent).  5+ years of DevOps engineering experience.  3+ years of cloud engineering experience (Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google) in deploying and managing production environments.  Strong knowledge of cloud and network security best practices.  Strong scripting and automation skills and experience (Python, PowerShell, Terraform, Cloud Formation, etc.)  Excellent communication, interpersonal, and consultative skills. Work effectively with clients, vendors, peers, and business/IT management.  Demonstrated ability to analyze and understand complex problems or processes, identify and understand requirements, and develop solutions.  Experience with source control management (Git preferred).  Experience with micro-services, Docker, and Kubernetes.  Experience with deploying and managing Hadoop/Spark.   Preferred Qualifications     Knowledge of software development life cycle (SDLC) including Agile Development Methodology.  Strong analytical, problem-solving, and troubleshooting skills.  Ability to stay current on trends and development within functional area of experience along with the industry.  Ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines.  Willingness to learn, a can do attitude, and motivated to succeed and grow.  Knowledge of at least one programming languages (e.g. Java, C/C++/C#).  Must demonstrate accountability, sound decision making, analytical thoroughness, clear and concise communications, and the ability to lead and mentor team members.   EOE of Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabilities          PLID: 7562       Apply Now  Sr. Professional Services Engineer  at Sysdig  (View all jobs)  EMEA and US    Sr. Professional Services Engineer  Sysdig is currently seeking a Professional Services / Solutions Engineer to join our team. This role can be in the US (Remote) or here locally in San Francisco, or in Europe (Remote) or in our Belgrade or Turin office.  This individual will be tasked with driving architectural strategy, POCs, and post-sales deployments for our largest most complex customer environments.  The Solution Engineer will support Sysdig Sales Engineers as their go-to technical resource for Post Sales hand off.  Primary Responsibilities:   Act as an integral member of the Post Sales team including Professional Services, Support and Customer Success, taking responsibility for solving customer issues from a technical perspective.  Work off/on ­site with strategic customers, delivering solutions architecture consulting, technical guidance, knowledge transfer and establish trusted advisor status.  Lead proof-of-concepts assisting strategic customers to deploy and integrate Sysdig Monitoring and Security technology into their environments.  Develop best practices and playbooks for Support Engineers and other Solution Engineers  Play a key role in formulation of FAQ’s and execution process and procedures.  Train and support other team members and indirect channel partners 9as required).  Act as a product enhancement feedback loop with product management and engineering.  Help triage and document bugs and enhancements requests as seen in the field.  Act as evangelist of Sysdig technology in EMEA-wide open source and devops community   Desired Skills & Experience:   A minimum of three years experience as a Professional Services / Solutions engineer or an enterprises in a similar or related fields (container management, cloud management, systems management, PaaS).  A minimum of three years experience as a Support Level 2 / Escalations engineer or an enterprises in a similar or related fields.  Knowledge of cloud infrastructure / container computing and technologies like AWS, Docker, Kubernetes and other tools like Cassandra, Elastic Search etc  Excellent writing and interpersonal communication/relationship skills.  Ability to work effectively and manage multiple customer support issues simultaneously.  Self-motivated with ability to thrive under pressure, self-manage and prioritize activities.  Previous start-up experience, a plus.   Technical:   Understanding of PaaS concepts.  Understanding Application Monitoring.  Experience with any of the Scripting languages (Shell, Bash, Perl, Python etc).   Nice to Have:   Experience in using or integrating with Systems Management Technology.  Hands-on experience with PaaS tools or other cloud management software.          Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?                  Share this job:                School Name      Degree   High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline   Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date      End Date          Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                       Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo                Home    Products    Business Types    Partners    Join Us    Work at Womply    Life at Womply    How We Work    Values    Benefits    Diversity    Our Data      Request a Demo             Jobs at Womply San Francisco At Womply we hire insurgents, black sheep, those who hate bureaucracy, people comfortable leading through chaos, and those who take extreme ownership. If you value having a huge impact more than a cushy lifestyle then Womply could be a good fit. Don't see the right role below? Email us at work@womply.com with your resume and a description of what you're looking for and why you want to work here. Life at Womply | How we work | Values | Benefits | Diversity | Our Data  Select a different location             SEE JOBS IN PORTLAND              SEE JOBS IN LEHI             Back to Top  Products   Insights   Customer Directory   Customer Engagement beta   Customer Pulse   BizShield   Launchpad   Listings Monitor   Ads beta   Reputation Defense   Customer Feedback beta   Vault  Solutions   Analytics   Customer Communications   Marketing & Advertising   Reputation Management   Document Management Business Types   Auto Services & Repair   Bars, Cafes & Restaurants   Beauty & Spas   Grocery & Specialty Foods   Home & Trade Services   Hospitality & Lodging   Local Services   Professional Services   Retail   Transportation Company   Newsroom   Join Us   Contact Us   Brand   Our Data   Our Values   Blog   BizShield   Statboard   Service Agreement   Privacy Partners   Partner with Us   Retention Intelligence   ©2017 Womply                            Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Principal Data Science    Source Coders ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 3 days ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Principal Data Science    Edit     Skill: Comptuer Scien,AI,machine leaning    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               Comptuer Scien , AI,machine leaning,          Contract Corp-To-Corp            $200K - $250K            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Principal Data Scientist  - Fintech Security Platform – Series A Start-Up – SF Cit y  Salary: $200,000 - $250,000 + equity Source Coders are proud to be working with one of the most innovative tech teams in the San Francisco Bay Area. Backed by an investment team that consists of founding members of PayPal and Venmo, this company is making headlines for all the right reasons.  We are on the lookout for the top-level Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineers with computer science and software engineering backgrounds.  The current team includes ex Google, Facebook and Square employees, all from top engineering schools such as M.I.T, Stanford and CalTech.   Expectations are that you have experience in the following;  A Computer Science / Software Engineering background from Tier 1 Technology company A Bachelors, Masters or Ph.D from one of the top Engineering schools Strong production experience developing Machine Learning Models Experience with multiple machine learning models (Random Forrest, SciKitLearn or similar) Understanding of PySpark, Numpy or similar  Bonus if you have:  Experience in payments or security Understanding of CI, DevOps in A.I capacity   Principal Data Scientist  - Fintech Security Platform – Series A Start-Up – SF Cit y       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Dee Byars  5315 Colodny Drive, Unit 9
				
				
					
						Agoura Hills, CA, 91301  Contact               Source Coders,     Dice Id : 90973445    Position Id : 10312      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Principal Data Science  Source Coders | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Principal Data Science  Source Coders | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Principal Data Science with Source Coders through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Principal Data Science  Source Coders         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                                  Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            DevOps Engineer    Encore Software Services ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 2 weeks ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: DevOps engineer with strong AWS and linux Administration    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                               DevOps engineer with strong AWS and linux Administration          Full Time, Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Encore software services is looking for a  DevOps Engineer with Strong experience in AWS And Linux in San Francisco, CA . Below is the brief job description. Only Local Candidiates! If interested, Please reach out to me with an updated resume at anushah@encoress.com    Job Title : DevOps Engineer Location :  San francisco , CA Duration :   long term Job Description :   Senior DevOps Engineer We are looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer to be a part of our expanding Engineering team in the bay area.  As a member of the DevOps team, you will be working closely with our other Engineering teams to build scalable and globally deployed cloud solutions and expand infrastructure using best practices. The most important characteristics for success in this role is having passion for working with a diverse set of technologies and complex applications with a strong desire to automate everything.  A Day In the Life ● Ensure uptime and optimal performance of our multi-tenant cloud platform (AWS & OpenStack). ● Collaborate with Engineering and Customer-facing teams to ensure defined standards are met and used throughout all departments. ● Participate in a rotational on-call schedule to resolve production issues/outages. ● Work on BAU tasks (Jira Tickets, internal DevOps projects). You are good at: ● Jenkins, CruiseControl, Bamboo, (Jenkins preferred). ● Nexus Artifactory, GIT, SVN, Maven. ● Branching, merging, integration, versioning. ● Scripting in at least one of the following languages (JavaScript, Perl, Python, Ruby). ● Monitoring tools such as NewRelic, Graphite, Icinga, Nagios, ELK. ● Linux (Centos/RHEL/Ubuntu) administration and troubleshooting. ● IaaS platforms (AWS, Azure, GCE, OpenStack). ● Routing, DNS, Load Balancing, OpenSwan VPN. ● Configuration management experience in Ansible and Salt. ● RESTful APIs and ability to integrate automation scripts with Jira workflows. ● CI/CD/DevOps methodology.     Regards, Anusha        Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Anusha Harikrishnan  2025 Gateway Place, Suite 385
				
				
					
						San Jose, CA, 95110  Contact               Encore Software Services,     Dice Id : 10115152    Position Id : 785028      Have a Job? Post it                        ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       DevOps Engineer  Encore Software Services | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        DevOps Engineer  Encore Software Services | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of DevOps Engineer with Encore Software Services through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         DevOps Engineer  Encore Software Services         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                                  Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            Senior Java Back end Engineer    Energize Recruitment ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 3 weeks ago          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now     Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: Senior Java Back end Engineer    Edit     Skill: Java,AWS,REST API Design,Java Engineer,Back End Developer    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Java, AWS, REST API Design, Java Engineer, Back End Developer          Full Time            120000-150000            Telecommuting not available  Travel not required       Job Description   Job title: Senior Java Back End Engineer Location: San Francisco Would you like to work for a company that is poised to redefine how enterprises of all sizes distribute money owed to customers? How does working for a company that is actually changing how companies interact with their consumers sound? A company that boasts clients such as PayPal, Ebay and Amazon. You will be part of building a unique SaaS platform that Is already changing the industry standard of how companies and governments distribute funds back to their customers. The roadmap that you will be involved in includes an array of additional services, so every project you will be involved in is greenfield. No Legacy or brownfield projects here. You will be joining a profitable and funded company that are leveraging the latest technologies to help scale and build beautiful solutions for their customers. You should have strong skills in Java, and be able to hold yourself in Scrum meetings and be able to put your views and opinions forward in a clear concise manner. This isn’t a company where you will just sit and code, you will get involved in all aspects of development and problem solving. As a senior member of the company you will provide technical leadership, driving and performing best engineering practices to initiate, plan and execute large scale and cross functional programs on schedule. If you have strong experience in object orientated design, testing patterns and 5+ years with Java, a strong understanding in REST API Design, and interest in DevOps(Specifically AWS), strong competencies in data structures, microservices, algorithms, software design and looking to join a company with excellent pay and benefits then let’s have a conversation! Please contact Jakew@Energizerec.com/ +1 347 918 3501       Apply Now   Save this job      Posted By  Jake Whitby  730 Arizona Avenue
				
				
					
						Santa Monica, CA, 90401  Contact               Dice Id : 90995892    Position Id : 203879      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Senior Java Developer (PERM)   Avesta Computer Services  Foster City, CA     Java J2EE Developer   Horizon Technologies Inc.  Palo Alto, CA     Java Backend Developer   Renovite  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    Java Server Side Developer/ UI Developer   AppsIntegration, Inc.  Pleasanton, CA     Full time Senior Java Engineer (Springboot, Microservices)   Intelliswift Software Inc  San Francisco, CA     Principal Software Engineer- Back-End   Enterprise Solutions  San Bruno, CA     Senior Java Developers for exciting Start up company   Nextphase Recruiting  Burlingame, CA     Java Developer (5229)   Embedded Resource Group, Inc  Foster City, CA     Sr Technical Lead Developer / Technical Architect- Java   HCL America Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Java Developer/Sr. Developer   Capgemini  Menlo Park, CA     Sr. Java Tech Lead   Nisum Technologies  Fremont, CA     Senior Software Engineer (VR001)   Radiansys, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Senior Java Developer   Tailored Brands  Fremont, CA     Senior, App Back-end Engineer   Serverlogic  San Mateo, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of Senior Java Back end Engineer with Energize Recruitment through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         Senior Java Back end Engineer  Energize Recruitment         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                    Grid Dynamics Careers        Senior Java Engineer  Java Development San Francisco,
                            California    Apply    Description  <p As a key member of this team, you will be working in collaboration with worldwide industry experts. This is an excellent opportunity, as a key contributor to this project, to create the next generation of network-centric distributed and scalable architectures. Come be part of our bright engineering team with open communication, empowerment, innovation, and customer-centric culture. We work with bleeding-edge technologies, including J2EE, in-memory data grids such as Oracle Coherence, NoSQL databases such as Apache Cassandra, automated testing tools such as Fitnesse, Selenium WebDriver, built in-house Jagger performance measurement tool, Continuous Integration and Delivery, etc. Responsibilities: Participate in the design and development of high-performance business applications, from requirements analysis to production Constantly improve software quality (evaluate and incorporate new libraries, tools and technologies; code reviews; refactoring; testing; etc.) Analyze and improve application performance Search for simple and robust solutions to complex tasks Work in an Agile methodology environment where innovation, teamwork and creativity are the key for success Collaborate with a team of developers, QA engineers, analysts located in St Petersburg, Russia and San Francisco, CA Requirements: 3+ years in Software Development Education in Computer Science or similar theoretical knowledge in CS: algorithms and complexity estimation, data structures, operating systems, programming languages Excellent knowledge of Java platform (collections, concurrency, etc). Good understanding of JVM internals is a plus Experience in enterprise application development (J2EE, Spring Source, etc) is a plus Understanding of distributed architectures and scalability principles Knowledge of Linux/Unix-based operating systems (bash/ssh/ps/grep etc.) Understanding of SDLC and Agile methodologies in particular Hands-on experience with developer daily basis tools such as IDE’s, compilers, debuggers, profilers, version control systems, bug tracking systems, build systems (ANT, Maven2, etc), code coverage and automated testing tools Experience with unit and integration testing (JUnit, TestNG, Mockito, etc.) RDBMS experience (SQL, JDBC). Understanding of ORM frameworks internals is a plus Desire and ability to quickly learn new tools and technologies Ability to proactively identify and solve engineering problems Good interpersonal communication skills, both verbal and written What We Offer Opportunity to work on bleeding-edge projects Work with a highly motivated and dedicated team Competitive salary Flexible schedule Medical insurance Benefits program Social package - medical insurance, sports Corporate social events Professional development opportunities About us : Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors. We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season. Founded in 2006 and headquartered in Menlo Park, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, scalable omni-channel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement.      Apply  Apply Later   ← Back to Current Openings      Share       LinkedIn      Facebook      Twitter      Email        Similar Jobs      {{ job.title }}              Powered by Jobvite                Apply Now  Ops Engineer  at Scribd  (View all jobs)  San Francisco headquarters    Scribd  /skribbed/ (n).   a tech company changing the way the world reads  a membership that gives users access to the world’s largest online library of books, audiobooks, and sheet music   We value trying new things, craftsmanship, being an open book, and the people that make our team great.  Join us and build something meaningful.  About the Team  We’re responsible for keeping Scribd up, responsive, and secure. Our duties include configuration management with Chef, wrestling with tricky Rails bugs, big-data cluster wrangling with Hadoop, mitigating the logo-branded vulnerability du jour, wearing a DBA hat to the InnoDB rodeo, bomb-proofing the mad science lab that is our codebase and, very occasionally, sweeping up the pieces when everything blows up. (We don’t let that last happen often.)  We work on almost every part of our application stack, from the servers and storage through the databases and caches to the application itself. We write code ourselves, including deep in the guts of our product, and developers also come to us for technical guidance. You’ll not simply operate the systems, but be part of the system-building process from the start. We’ve all seen the “worked in dev, ops problem now” meme and reject that world-view.  We believe in continuously improving our skills and codebase, work/life balance, and doing things right over doing them fast. We’re looking for engineers who share these views and are interested in contributing their knowledge, skills, and sound technical judgement to a growing engineering organization. In return, we offer interesting problems, plenty of opportunity to influence key technical decisions, and the chance to top the office pinball high score table.  Our tools and technologies   Linux (primarily CentOS)  Ruby (our core codebase is Rails), but with projects in Go and Scala too  Chef  MySQL (Percona), HBase and Elasticsearch  Hadoop, Hive and Spark, all fed via Kafka  Nagios, Graphite and Grafana  Nginx, HAProxy and Varnish, to serve our content to the wider world   Haven’t worked with precisely the same set of technologies we use, but you’ve used something broadly similar? No problem! We’re just as happy to talk FreeBSD or commiserate with your AIX and pains as we are to chat about CentOS.  About the Role  You will   Develop, operate, and troubleshoot the systems that keep Scribd alive and fast  Build, maintain and extend our automation. Quelling robot uprisings strictly optional  Pioneer, evaluate, and deploy new technologies for the entire engineering organization  Work in partnership with your peers on the product engineering teams  Be part of an on-call rotation with other members of the DevOps team  Work independently within a team environment to prioritize workload   About you   Local candidates are great, but the DevOps team is open to remote candidates and those looking relocate  3-5+ years professional experience in an Engineering, Technical Operations, or DevOps role  Professional experience with at least part of our tech stack, but not necessarily every piece   Why we work here   We are located in downtown San Francisco, just a few minutes’ walk from BART  100% employer covered Medical/Dental/Vision for regular, full time employees  We have a small budget for our employees to attend conferences, classes, and other events  We have a lot of trust with very little bureaucracy  Three meals a day, catered from local restaurants  Coffee and tea runs every afternoon  Apple laptops and Thunderbolt displays  Company events that include monthly happy hours and offsites (past events include Safari West, Stinson Beach, ski trips, etc.)  In  the  meantime,  check  out  our  office  and  meet  some  of  the  team  on  The  Muse ! https://www.themuse.com/companies/scribd   Scribd values diversity, and we make all hiring and employment decisions based on merit, qualifications, competence, talent, and contribution, not who you are by choice or circumstance. We value the people who make Scribd a great place to work and strive to create an environment where your work is supported and personhood respected.         Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       Why are you interested in this role at Scribd?       Have you worked on a 24/7 on-call schedule before?       Please tell us about your experience working on a product with rapid/continuous release         U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)  Individuals seeking employment at Scribd are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.  Completion of the form is entirely voluntary . Whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.   Gender  Please select Male  Female  Decline To Self Identify    Are you Hispanic/Latino?  Please select Yes  No  Decline To Self Identify    Please identify your race  Please select American Indian or Alaskan Native  Asian  Black or African American  Hispanic or Latino  White  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander  Two or More Races  Decline To Self Identify   Race & Ethnicity Definitions  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  As a government contractor
  subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected
  categories is as follows:  A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.  A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.  An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the Department of Defense.  An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United
  States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to Executive Order 12985.   Veteran Status  Please select I am not a protected veteran  I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran  I don't wish to answer     Form CC-305  OMB Control Number 1250-0005  Expires 1/31/2020   Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability  Why are you being asked to complete this form?  Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  How do I know if I have a disability?  You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.  Disabilities include, but are not limited to:   Blindness  Deafness  Cancer  Diabetes  Epilepsy  Autism  Cerebral palsy  HIV/AIDS  Schizophrenia  Muscular dystrophy  Bipolar disorder  Major depression  Multiple sclerosis (MS)  Missing limbs or partially missing limbs  Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)  Obsessive compulsive disorder  Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair  Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)    Disability Status  Please select Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability)  No, I don't have a disability  I don't wish to answer   Reasonable Accommodation Notice  Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.   1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors,
  visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
  (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp .  PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.              Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                      Apply Now  Devops Engineer  at Airtime  San Francisco, CA    About Airtime  Today, online means alone. We're changing that. We are charting the course for the next era of the Internet: live, shared experiences. We're building a new way to use the Internet—together.  That’s why we’re pioneering a new kind of social experience, one designed for togetherness.  At its core, Airtime is a social platform for doing whatever together. Gather with your people to explore the Internet: group video, listen to music, chat, watch stuff, send pictures, GIFs, and more.  Our company was founded a few years ago by Sean Parker and Shawn Fanning and is backed by Kleiner Perkins, Andreessen Horowitz, Google Ventures, Founders Fund, and a host of other amazing partners.  Role  Responsible for “DevOps” at a fast-growing startup with locations in Palo Alto, San Francisco, and NYC.  Combination sys-admin/SRE/operations.  You’ll work very closely with the backend and client teams- responsibilities change as the company scales, so huge potential for learning and growth opportunities, and building out a team.  We feel very strongly at Airtime that routine tasks should be automated, deployments should be easy, and infrastructure should be fault-tolerant.  This means we use TDD, continuous integration/deployment, and systems are self-healing (i.e., if a host goes down, it’s replaced automatically).  At a high level, you should be interested in solving problems like “how could we replace this instance faster?”, “how could we build a system that can handle a 500x spike in RPM?”, “how can I make this Docker image smaller, so I can speed builds up 15%?”.  Responsibilities   Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation  Maintain and improve existing infrastructure (build out autoscaling, support new services)  Troubleshoot and address infrastructure issues  Automate recurring tasks (for example, syncing data from the production Mongo cluster to a reporting server)  Maintain and improve existing build and deployment processes across all teams (Android, iOS, backend)  Enforce best practices for security and reliability across the organization   Must haves   Expert level AWS knowledge.  Familiarity with both the console and the CLI is a plus.  General familiarity with monitoring/troubleshooting.  Most importantly the ability to address an issue, and trace it back to a root cause.  General familiarity with networking and security  General familiarity with microservices/container architecture  *nix familiarity:  company works off OSX, servers are Ubuntu + Amazon linux  Basic scripting knowledge (bash preferred)  Self directed learner and worker   Tools we use   AWS (VPC, Route53, EC2/ELB/ASG, Redshift, ECS, Elasticache, SNS/SQS, DynamoDB, ECR, Lambda, Cloudfront, Cloudwatch, RDS)  Docker  MongoDB  CircleCI and Jenkins  Git  New Relic and Sumologic  PagerDuty  Ansible  Vagrant  Node.js  Redis  Nginx  Supervisor  Fastlane   Are you in?  Airtime Leadership  Sean Parker , Founder & Executive Chairman  Daniel Klaus , President  Thomas Purnell-Fisher , Chief Product Officer  Sanidhya Khilnani , VP of Product  Prakash Ramakrishna , Vice President of Engineering, Airtime West  Jesse Rabek , Vice President of Application Engineering  Erik Martin , Vice President of Marketing             Apply for this Job   * Required    First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       Do you have experience working with AWS? *     --  Yes  No    What specific AWS services have you used? *        Will you now or in the future require sponsorship? *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy               Job Summary Duration: 6+ months Location: San Francisco, CA Linkedin Needed Preferred Skills: 1.) Sonar Qube 2.) Atlassian tools (JIRA, Confluence, Hipchat). 3.) Jenkins 4.) Bitbucket 5.) Groovy Scripting Qualifications: 1. Jenkins or Ansible or Groovy hands-on experience 2. Technical skills to analyze the issues and provide a solutions 3. Drive to understand the problem statement(s) and to learn In addition to the solid Jenkins/Ansible/Cloud/Groovy skills, we also need to look for people who have: Strong logical skills who can provide approach/solution for the real world use-cases that Bank has Strong Analytical skills (can be checked through simple puzzles) Job description: Jenkins/Ansible Developer - Minimum overall 8 years’ experience - 4+ years industry experience in DevOps architecture related to Continuous Integration/Delivery solutions & Platform Automation - At least 2 years of system level architecture experience is a plus. Preferably in linux, windows flavors - Excellent knowledge of these scripting languages: o Groovy o Shell o Perl o Powershell o Docker - Configuration & Integration level skills in the following tools: o Jenkins o Ansible Tower o IBM uBuild o Rundeck o GIT o Sonar o Artifactory - Architected solution and deep expertise on Cloud o AWS/Azure o PaaS (Cloud Foundry, OpenShift) o Environment automation using Ansible, Chef, Puppet - Must have implemented DevOps practices/tools in areas such as continuous integration, environment automation, release automation, virtualization, infra as a code, metrics tracking - Should have directly worked on creating enterprise level operating models, architecture options - Experience working with remote/offshore teams is a huge plus Strong hands-on expertise in … -  * Jenkins 2.x architecture, plugins, scale, scripting -  * Ansible architecture, playbooks, scripting -  * Scripting with Groovy, Bash/Shell, PERL, PowerShell, YAML - Strong experience in … -  * Enterprise/large scale implementations -  * Patterns-based/template-based approach -  * Implementing best-practices at scale. Job Type: Contract Job Location: San Francisco, CA Required experience: relevent field.: 10 yearsWho we are looking for : We are looking for an expert Blockchain backend engineer who is passionate about building innovative solutions using Blockchain technology. The backend engineer will help us to build scalable server and API service that communicates with blockchain node and manages Bodhi-related data. What you will help to build : Running and manintaining blockchain node. Building infrastructure to sync with blockchain data. Providing API for reading from and writing data to blockchain. Things are required : Knowledge of Blockchain technologies, P2P and smart contracts. Experience at building backend server components. Experience with Go programming. Experience with web services and RESTful architectures. Experience with SQL and relational databases. Ability to work in a collaborative environment without high degrees of supervision. Good communicator and high integrity and strong work ethics. Desirable : Experience with current cloud-based service delivery platforms and tools (Amazon AWS, Heroku, etc.). Familiarity or experience with production system monitoring and logging systems. Strong understanding of DevOps and best practices. Experience working with third-party APIs and/or Datasets. Job Type: Full-time Engineer / Intern Location: San Francisco, CA USA Job Type: Full-time Salary: $100,000.00 to $180,000.00 /year           Skip Navigation                     Home  About Careers at Dell  Hiring Events  Employee Testimonials  Sales  Students  Veterans                         Sign In         Sign Out        My Account    Place orders quickly and easily  View orders and track your shipping status  Enjoy members-only rewards and discounts       Sign In      Create an account       Premier Sign In     PartnerDirect  Sign In      Account Settings    Order Status     My Products     Dell Preferred Account     Dell Advantage Rewards     Premier Sign In     PartnerDirect  Sign In      Sign Out                       Home  About Careers at Dell  Hiring Events  Employee Testimonials  Students  Veterans                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Home  About Careers at Dell  Hiring Events  Employee Testimonials  Students  Veterans                RISE AND SHINE ON.  You've waited your whole life for this.  The chance to be a part of something that transforms lives and can take your career to the next level.         Search all Dell jobs:    Keyword     Location      Radius  Radius  5 miles  15 miles  25 miles  35 miles  50 miles     Search       Click here to search by job category    Business Support Jobs    Communications Jobs    Corporate Development & Strategy Jobs    Delivery Jobs    Engineering Jobs    Finance Jobs    Graduates Jobs    Human Resources Jobs    India Sales Jobs    Information Technology Jobs    Inside Sales Jobs    Internship Jobs    Legal Jobs    Manufacturing Jobs    Marketing Jobs    Materials & Procurement Jobs    New Graduates Jobs    Product Services Jobs    Production Jobs    Professional Services Jobs    Remote Jobs    Revenue Jobs    RSA Jobs    Sales Jobs    SecureWorks Jobs    Services Jobs    Strategically Aligned Businesses Jobs    Virtustream Jobs             Systems Engineer (Enterprise)  Apply Now  Job ID R09748  Date posted 10/09/2017  Location San Francisco,  California  Why Work at Dell? Endless challenges and rewards. Opportunities on six continents. A team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. All this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility. Responsible for driving the technical sales strategy for DELL products and services in assigned customer accounts. As a member of a field account team, the candidate must demonstrate leadership abilities across a diverse set of matrix sales teams to accelerate the adoption of DELL EMC products and services. Candidate must possess a general understanding of the customer's business and industry. In addition, demonstrate a desire to expand customer industry knowledge by rapidly assessing industry trends and impacts to the target organization. Be able to quickly identify customer?s strengths and weaknesses in their industry. Assess the customer's IT organization's ability to respond to rapidly changing business requirements. Candidate must have a deep understanding of DELL EMC and competitive technology, and business applications within the assigned market and is responsible for translating/applying this knowledge into strategic initiatives. Lead the development of responses to highly critical/unique, large scale customer requests and proposals. Serves as a trusted technology advisor to customers and serves as an internal resource on technical issues or specific business applications within an assigned market segment. Often interfaces with customer's senior management to assess major business operations and address product/service needs. Consults with engineering to answer customer's questions and remove objections that arise in a sales campaign. Engage customer contacts at both a strategic, business focused and tactical, IT technology level. Provides technical leadership & direction to customers & internal staff in the development of fully integrated technology solutions in support of pre-sales activities in the assigned market. Assists in the analysis, design & development of fully integrated technology solutions.Acts as technical expert & consultant to develop & propose solutions that meet the technology & business requirements of assigned customers. Technical emphasis is on hardware capabilities, software requirements & systems integration. Makes technical & sales presentations to customer's technical staff & senior management. Understands DELL & competitive technology & business applications within the assigned market. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Works with Sales Team to develop & implement specific account penetration strategies, produce account specific product & service & sales plans Maintains knowledge of competitive solutions to effectively address & dispel customer objections to DELL solutions, & train the account team Anticipates technology and/or market trends & provides guidance on their application to external customers & feedback of business requirements back into DELL's engineering & marketing organizations Successfully builds relationships with the account team, partners & customers in support of sales team objectives & engages & leverages corporate resources, abilities, budgets & personnel as appropriate. Leads technical sales calls Configures & documents DELL software, hardware & service solutions to meet customer & sales objectives. Completes required pre-sales documentation quickly & accurately Works with Sales Team to develop & implement specific account penetration strategies, produce account specific product & service & sales plans Maintains knowledge of competitive solutions to effectively address & dispel customer objections to DELL solutions, & train the account team. Competitive knowledge is essential Anticipates technology and/or market trends & provides guidance on their application to external customers & feedback of business requirements back into DELL's engineering & marketing organizations SKILLS: Competitive understanding of the different vendors offerings from HDS, IBM, Oracle, NetApp, etc. Deep understanding of storage AND/OR application development, cloud, convergence/hyper-convergence, HPC, devops, etc. Excellent presentation skills in front of all levels of the IT Organization Detailed product knowledge. Previous hands-on experience in the data center environment. Customer focused. Communication skills. Ability to work effectively with senior management. Ability to manage in a matrix environment. Ability to influence others to achieve results. Dell is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, genetics, or citizenship status (when otherwise legally authorized to work) and will not be discriminated against on the basis of such characteristics or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell encourages applicants of all ages.  Job Family: Sales Engineering   Job ID: R09748  Apply Now     Working in our San Francisco office  Check out where you could be working if you apply.              Meet Brice  Meet Brice         Meet Darrick  Meet Darrick         Working in the Americas  Working in Latin America         Dell in North America  Explore jobs in our North American locations.              Sign up for Job Alerts  Email Address Interested In Enter category and/or location, then click ADD. You must have at least one entry in the list below in order to subscribe. Category Location Add Sales, San Francisco, California, United States Remove Remove   Confirm Email                Recent Jobs    SAP Sales Specialist  San Francisco, California| Massachusetts| Ohio| Texas| New York, New York| Pennsylvania| Maryland| Washington| Michigan| Minnesota| New Jersey| District of Columbia| Virginia| California| Georgia| Tennessee| North Carolina| Colorado| Illinois| Arizona| Missouri| Wisconsin| Florida| Oregon| Utah    Cloud / SDDC Sales Specialist  San Francisco, California| Massachusetts| Ohio| Texas| New York, New York| Pennsylvania| Maryland| Washington| Michigan| Minnesota| New Jersey| District of Columbia| Virginia| California| Georgia| Tennessee| North Carolina| Colorado| Illinois| Arizona| Missouri| Wisconsin| Florida| Oregon| Utah    Cloud / SDDC Sales Specialist  San Francisco, California| Massachusetts| Ohio| Texas| New York, New York| Pennsylvania| Maryland| Washington| Michigan| Minnesota| New Jersey| District of Columbia| Virginia| California| Georgia| Tennessee| North Carolina| Colorado| Illinois| Arizona| Missouri| Wisconsin| Florida| Oregon| Utah      Useful Links   Schedule of hiring events  Students  Veterans  Sales  Corporate careers site  Pivotal  SecureWorks  VMware     Follow Dell Careers   Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  Glassdoor  YouTube  Instagram                Dell Technologies  Pivotal  SecureWorks  VMware  Corporate Blog                © 2017 Dell  Terms of Sale  Privacy Statement  Ads & Emails  Legal & Regulatory  Corporate Social Responsibility  Contact                          Leeo is a well-funded venture backed startup in San Mateo, California. The Leeo team designs and builds Consumer IoT devices and software services. In the next generation, we are especially focused on meeting the needs of those who wish to live comfortably and safely in their own homes as they age... and the needs of their families and friends. We’re a relatively small, growing group passionate about the mission. As a Senior Backend Software Engineer in the team, you will work with our product management team, user experience designers, and other engineers to craft, design and bring to market exciting products we hope that people will love to use. This is an opportunity for you to be a key contributor in shaping the architecture and design of the software. And to enjoy the result yourself with your family and friends! Position: Senior Backend Software Engineer, Full-time preferred, based in San Mateo, California. No relocation sponsorship or Visa sponsorship at this time. Responsibilities: Build production-ready, secure external APIs serving mobile and web apps and internal APIs serving Leeo and 3rd-party services Design efficient code for managing collection, consumption and storage of application and archival data Write robust and thorough tests for all new features Implement clean and manageable code incorporating best practices Debug existing problems while rapidly iterating on existing functionality Required: 3+ years of experience developing high-performance, distributed web services Proficiency with Ruby on Rails Experience with web services and RESTful architectures Experience with SQL and relational databases Ability to work in a collaborative environment without the need for high degrees of supervision Good communicator and - of course - high integrity and strong work ethics Desirable: Experience working with large-scale Linux-based systems with five nines of uptime Experience with NoSQL databases and available cloud services Experience with current cloud-based service delivery platforms and tools (Amazon AWS, Heroku, etc.) Familiarity or experience with production system monitoring and logging systems Strong understanding of DevOps and best practices Experience in Python, or Javascript Experience working with social networking apps Ability to identify and evaluate tools and solutions for the optimal fit with Leeo products Understanding of security and authentication methods Experience working with third-party APIs and/or datasets BS, MS, or PhD degree, or equivalent experience, in relevant technical disciplines Perks and Benefits: Generous Healthcare, Dental, Vision benefits 401k options Stock options Snacks and Beverages 24/7 Continental breakfast plus catered lunch and dinner Unlimited Vacation plus 12 paid holidays Free parking plus free shuttle from Cal train Conveniently located in San Mateo – between San Jose and San Francisco Casual dress code plus relaxed work environment Social events, movie nights, and team outings Collaborative culture with a supportive team Professional development opportunities Job Type: Full-time Job Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA Required experience: RoR: 4 years Required language: English       Apply Now  Data Quality Engineer  at Claritas Rx  (View all jobs)  South San Francisco    Who We Are   Claritas Rx is a digital health venture focused on patient-level data integration and analytics. We leverage a proprietary cloud-based platform and deep manufacturer expertise to generate valuable insights from specialty channels and other market data. Our product platform and support services yield clear insights into commercial strategies and opportunities benefiting manufacturers, distribution partners and patients.    The Position  Claritas Rx has a nimble Silicon Valley start-up culture. We are looking to build a strong customer team of domain experts that can help scale a premier channel management solution.  Key Accountabilities    Develop Test plans, test data and test cases for testing    Assist in the Data Quality process pre- & post-implementation    Work with development, product, client to research existing data issues and suggest solutions    Execute functional system and Integration testing, regression testing of analytical Applications    Verify the quality of data; ensure data coming in matches existing data specifications, verify functionality and data output against requirements    Responsible for complex SQL Scripting for database querying    QA review queries created by other developers for adherence to standards and performance issues    Report testing status, milestones and issues to project stakeholders    Support off-hours launch and monitoring of systems with teams as needed      Who You Are  Required:    Experience in setting up and maintaining QA Environment and Test Data Management    5+ years of professional IT work experience    Basic programming skills (e.g.: Java, Python, bash etc.)    Good SQL Experience querying and extracting data from databases    Data Concepts (ETL, data structures, metadata and workflow management)    Solving complex data and technology problems    Excellent communication skills    B.S. in computer science, engineering or related degree    Experience in Data conversion testing    Strong Analytical skills combined with a detail-oriented mindset    Experience in System Testing, Regression Testing, Functional Testing, Black-box Testing and White-box testing    Experience working with Bug Tracking tools such as JIRA    Ability to work in a fast paced, dynamic and team oriented environment    Experience with automated end-to-end testing tools/frameworks    Preferred:    DevOps Tools is a plus (Chef, Docker, Puppet, Bamboo, Jenkins)    Experience working with Data Integration Tools like Pentaho Kettle, Talend    Good understanding of web protocols, web applications      Experience working with cloud platforms like AWS      Worked in Projects implemented in Agile Methodology      Experience in healthcare or related field    Familiarity with HIPAA/SOC/HITRUST requirements    Experience working on building cloud based SaaS applications      Join Us  We are seeking to add new expertise and perspective to our strong team of experienced professionals. We aspire to a culture of accelerated professional development through shared learning and collaboration; a respectful and fun work environment; and employee empowerment through the effective use of technology and tools.  In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive salary and benefits package and the opportunity to make a significant impact on a first-in-industry digital health solution. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.                       Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone *     Location (City) *      Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                  + Add Another      LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job?       LinkedIn Profile       Website       Are you legally eligible to work in the United States? *     --  Yes  No               Share this job:                School Name *       Degree *    High School  Associate's Degree  Bachelor's Degree  Master's Degree  Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  Juris Doctor (J.D.)  Doctor of Medicine (M.D.)  Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)  Engineer's Degree  Other    Discipline *    Accounting  African Studies  Agriculture  Anthropology  Applied Health Services  Architecture  Art  Asian Studies  Biology  Business  Business Administration  Chemistry  Classical Languages  Communications & Film  Computer Science  Dentistry  Developing Nations  Discipline Unknown  Earth Sciences  Economics  Education  Electronics  Engineering  English Studies  Environmental Studies  European Studies  Fashion  Finance  Fine Arts  General Studies  Health Services  History  Human Resources Management  Humanities  Industrial Arts & Carpentry  Information Systems  International Relations  Journalism  Languages  Latin American Studies  Law  Linguistics  Manufacturing & Mechanics  Mathematics  Medicine  Middle Eastern Studies  Naval Science  North American Studies  Nuclear Technics  Operations Research & Strategy  Organizational Theory  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Sciences  Physics  Political Science  Psychology  Public Policy  Public Service  Religious Studies  Russian & Soviet Studies  Scandinavian Studies  Science  Slavic Studies  Social Science  Social Sciences  Sociology  Speech  Statistics & Decision Theory  Urban Studies  Veterinary Medicine    Start Date *       End Date *           Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                     Individuals & Families  Employers & Organizations  Health Care Professionals  Producers  About Us  News & Analysis                      ?   Home Search openings Search results Current page Job details      Job details  Job 1 of 1    Apply to job  Save to cart  View similar jobs      Posting Job Title   Sr Salesforce Quality Engineer    Job Group   Information Technology    EEO Statement   Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer    Req#   46698BR    Primary Location   CT-Hartford     Locations  CA-San Francisco CA-Santa Ana CA-Walnut Creek CO-Denver CT-Hartford MA-Boston MN-Plymouth NY-New York PA-Blue Bell TX-Austin TX-Dallas TX-Houston     Percent of Travel Required   0 - 10%    Potential Telework Position   No    Full or Part Time   Full Time    Supervisory   No    Job Description   POSITION SUMMARY Create and perform assessments of Salesforce development processes and procedures to ensure that industry-standards are being adopted and followed during the design and build phases. Fundamental Components: Responsibilities: Create Salesforce development processes and procedures to ensure that industry-standards are being adopted and followed during the design and build phases Perform assessments of development artifacts to ensure quality specifically looking at the attributes of optimization, security, reliability and performance. Establish a mechanism capturing and maintaining feedback documented during the quality feedback review cycle. Report metrics on quality engineering process and act on those metrics to improve process effectiveness, test execution, and product quality. Collaborate with development teams to help define software requirements, design and implementation to ensure testability, scalability, maintainability, and reliability. Assist in the refinement of how developers unit test their code and ensure proper coverage is being maintained. Occasional development responsibilities in situations where teammates need SME help with complex and difficult components. Development may also include non-project-based work for innovation where the individual will create Proof of Concepts and/or frameworks that can be used across the enterprise. Provide DevOps advice and coaching across the Salesforce ecosystem. Bring the following professional experience: Demonstrated proficiency in Salesforce/Apex development and best practices Familiarity with automation (release and testing) in an SaaS environment. Ability to work independently, raise issues and take corrective action. Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical project team members. Demonstrated experience with one or more: software reliability, automated test maintenance, static analysis, or code coverage. Demonstrated ability to apply appropriate industry-standard processes and practices to prevent and detect defects throughout the software development lifecycle. Demonstrated ability to utilize metrics and understand processes related to effective quality assurance and testing progress. Extensive experience with web and database application technologies, automated testing, frameworks and tools. Demonstrated ability to work across project teams to leverage existing knowledge, technologies and solutions. BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired: Qualifications: Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field. 10+ years of software development experience with the last 5+ focused exclusively in Salesforce. Hands on experience with Apex development, SOAP/REST API, well-versed in Service Oriented Architectures Credentials/Certifications:Administrator, Force.com Developer, Service Cloud Consultant,andSales Cloud Consultant EDUCATION The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. Telework Specifications: all locations considered ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.    Employment Type   Regular    Career Band Description   Professional     Apply to job  Save to cart  View similar jobs                      Glossary    Health Care Reform    Careers        Accessibility Services    Terms of Use    Investor Info        FAQs    Program Provisions    Interest-Based Ads Policy        Legal Notices    Plan Disclosures    Nondiscrimination Notice        Site Map    Privacy Center    State Directory       Copyright © 2001-2017 Aetna Inc.            Language Assistance Language services can be provided by calling the number on your member ID card. For additional language assistance: Español | 中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Pусский | العربية | Kreyòl | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | Other Languages…                  All jobs → Senior Software Development Engineer in Test   Senior Software Development Engineer in Test  San Francisco, California, United States   Description Tigera is looking for a passionate and skilled senior software tester to join us in our mission to secure the next generation of cloud native applications. At the heart of our strategy is a set of open source networking and security projects (currently Calico, Canal and flannel) that define the new gold standard for application connectivity within large scale cloud environments (such as Kubernetes, Tectonic, Apache Mesos, DC/OS, Docker Swarm, Apache Brooklyn, and OpenStack). Building upon this open source foundation, we are working on complementary commercial offerings to help enterprises build and operate cloud native applications and infrastructures, securely and at scale. You will be joining SDET in the San Francisco office.  You will work closely with the other software developers to deliver products on time, to quality while managing and communicating risks.  To do this, you will design and implement new automated test frameworks (system level testing rather than unit level test), manage projects, write test tools and have a passion for finding bugs and spotting the edge cases the developers have missed! Requirements 5+ years of industry experience in software development, test and/or DevOps. Experience with a breadth of programming languages and frameworks (Python and Golang experience highly desirable). Experience defining and implementing end-to-end CI pipelines, automated test frameworks, and automated tests. Experience of project management and team leadership. A drive to get things done in a highly collaborative, agile development environment.DevOps and knowledge of L2 and L3 networking are desirable. Linux sysadmin skills. Experience with as many as possible of: Semaphore, Circle CI, Jenkins, Python Nose, Chef, Puppet, Ansible, gnu make, Foreman, Openstack, GCE, AWS, familiarity with container technologies (Docker, Rkt, Kubernetes, Mesos, etc). Ability to travel occasionally to attend conferences and to work with partners, customers and colleagues in other offices within the US and internationally.   If the candidate is passionate and enthusiastic, this is a position that can offer the opportunity to spend a portion of their time on external evangelism. BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar field. Benefits Tigera is an early-stage startup, well funded by top-tier VCs.  We offer a competitive compensation package including share scheme and unlimited vacation. We believe in a collaborative, flexible work environment based on respect for, and commitment from, every employee. We are fortunate to have an amazing team of individuals who believe in our mission and value openness, collaboration and teamwork, making Tigera an awesome place to work.   Apply for this job             Tigera, Inc
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.  Tigera, Inc website  Powered by Workable           Apply Now  Senior Data Scientist  at Wheelhouse  (View all jobs)  San Francisco, CA       Our mission at Wheelhouse is to turn all hosts, property managers, landlords, owners, and other entrepreneurs into superheroes.  Using bleeding edge data science, we’ve developed a dynamic pricing engine that fits each host’s business, allowing them to price their inventory based on their personal goals; whether you have 2 properties or 2000.    We are looking for a data scientist who is passionate about building interpretable machine learning models all the way from research to production. You will play an instrumental role in helping our customers understand their market better, give them more precise recommendations for their business, and build out our market intelligence to know where we should focus. With your help, Wheelhouse will continue to grow as the number one pricing platform in the hospitality industry.    What you’ll be doing:   Deploy reproducibly testable, production - ready code  Write  novel algorithms from scratch, but know how to use t he right tools when they already exist  Full ownership of projects that have an immediate impact on real-world results  Effectively present and communicate findings to all types of audiences  Collaborate closely with other data scientists, engineers, and product teams   Exposure to the full stack: from DevOps to frontend integrations, using open source and internal tools in a cloud environment    We’re looking for someone with:   5+ years of Engineering & Data Science experience  M S or PhD in C omputer S cience, S tatistics, or another relevant domain  ( preferred)  Knowledge in machine learning: building regression, classification, and recommender systems  Familiarity with large datasets in distributed systems  Proven track record on taking experimental findings and turning them into code  Some technologies we use are Spark, R, Ruby, Python, Redshift, and Postgres   Experience in any of these areas are a plus!    Your first 90 days:   Have a full understanding of our data architecture and recommendation engine  I ndependently build new features in collaboration with our product team  Advance & test novel solutions for improving our existing products  Own building the analytic and reporting features for the next generation of Wheelhouse   Perks & Benefits   Competitive salary and equity  Full medical, dental, and vision benefits  Commuter benefits  Guideline 401k  Education stipend  Unlimited PTO      About Wheelhouse  The short-term rental market—everything from Airbnb to traditional vacation rentals—is the fastest-growing segment of hospitality.  We here at Wheelhouse have built the definitive dynamic pricing algorithm and software platform that is powering the next generation of this space. Our digital tools help everyone in this industry—from part-time Airbnb hosts to property managers with thousands of units—earn more, save time, and optimize their rental businesses. And our software also powers our own, in-house hospitality brand. That's right: we've built the digital tools for the future of hospitality and we're building the future of hospitality.   We’re excited that you’re looking to Wheelhouse for your next employment opportunity.  We take that decision seriously, and want to provide you with an opportunity where you can grow meaningfully in your career.  We look forward to hearing from you!    Candidates must be legally eligible to work in the United States. Wheelhouse is an equal-opportunity employer.          Apply for this Job   * Required             (Optional)   Almost there! Review your information then click 'Submit Application' to apply.     First Name *     Last Name *     Email *     Phone     Resume/CV *   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                 Cover Letter   Drop files here          Attach  Dropbox  Google Drive  Paste                    Tell us about yourself!  Tell us what type of contributions you're looking to make.  We're excited to hear from you!       LinkedIn Profile       Website       How did you hear about this job? *     Please select Company Jobs Page  Glassdoor  LinkedIn  Indeed  Other               Share this job:               Powered by     Read our Privacy Policy                                     Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            DevOps Engineer with Python    Rose IT Corp. ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 8 hours ago          Apply Now      Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now      Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: DevOps Engineer with Python    Edit     Skill: Experience with automation and configuration management (Terraform,Puppet,Chef,etc),Background in Unix/ Linux administration on highly available distributed systems.    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Experience with automation and configuration management (Terraform, Puppet, Chef, etc),Background in Unix/ Linux administration on highly available distributed systems.          Full Time, Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2, C2H Corp-To-Corp, C2H Independent, C2H W2, Part Time, 2 years            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting available  Travel not required       Job Description   Title: Devops Engineer Location: California Duration: 12 months Experience: 2-5 years Looking for consultant having 2-5 years of experience. The consultant must have Python, Unix, Docker/Ansible/Chef/Kubernetes /Jenkins etc. Responsibilities: - Onboarding performance monitoring tools for Customer System applications. - Develop automation script using python and shell scripts for integration with performance monitoring tools - Build performance dashboards through Splunk,Extrahop, writing Java script and customized scripts. - Define and create performance alerts based on performance threshold - Work with application team and production support team to create production performance metrics - Study and Understand Application characteristics including Business demand drivers, transaction metrics, utilization and response time requirements - Maintaining Data repository Data correlation and trending. - Using monitoring tools to track every day data and gather additional information required based on need  - Strong background in Linux/Unix Administration - Highly knowledgeable and experienced with scripting languages like Ansible, Python, Shell,Perl, etc. - Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and tools - Expertise in troubleshooting application server , web or configuration issue in production environment - Strong grasp of automation tools - Experience with source control management such as Git - Drive to take initiative and own issues - Minimum of 2 years of Unix/Linux experience specially system administration & Java application servers(ex: JBoss, Tomcat, Jetty..) - Hands-on experience on monitoring and debugging java application servers with strong troubleshooting skills - Able to provide analysis and support for large scale multi-tier application capacity and performance needs. - Ability to use linux command line tools to parse, merge, analyze, and present performance data through the log file or realtime performance metrics. - Strong analytical and problem solving abilities. Non Technical Requirement: Must have good communication skills. Must be able to work in a group and independently. We are accepting OPT candidates for this role. For further information, please feel free to contact Annie: annie@roseitcorp.com       Apply Now    Save this job               Rose IT Corp.,     Dice Id : 90942382    Position Id : 060527      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   Sr. Devops Engineer   Xoriant Corporation  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Encore Software Services  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Elevano  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    DevOPs Infrastructure Engineer   Ngusoft Inc  Redwood City, CA     DevOps Engineer, (Cloud, Azure)   Grid Dynamics International, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer 3   Asurion LLC  San Mateo, CA     DevOps Engineer   Net2Source Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Need Devops Engineer with Kubernetes   ENTMatrix  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   VDart, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Etouch Systems Corp  Fremont, CA     Devops Engineer- Azure   Xconic  Pleasanton, CA     Senior DevOps Engineer   Avesta Computer Services  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   People Tech Group  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Engineer   Bay Area Techworkers  San Ramon, CA     Senior DevOps Engineer (Python)   Modis  Pleasanton, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       DevOps Engineer with Python  Rose IT Corp. | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        DevOps Engineer with Python  Rose IT Corp. | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of DevOps Engineer with Python with Rose IT Corp. through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         DevOps Engineer with Python  Rose IT Corp.         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site                                              1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact           1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact                 Login      Menu         Salesforce  Cloud Nav   Free Trial >     Call us at 1-800-667-6389           Login    Home      Products        Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM       Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk       ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing.       Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development       Products Overview       Editions & Pricing       Small Business Solutions        Resources & Additional Information        Customer Community       Developer Community       Partner Community       AppExchange Marketplace       Industries       Services       Customer Success Stories       Events       About Us       Careers             Questions? Contact us.          Get your FREE 30-day trial.  Start by selecting a product:   Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM  Service Cloud  Salesforce1 Platform            Products       Product Overview     Sales Cloud  Sales force automation and CRM      Service Cloud  Customer service, support, and help desk      ExactTarget Marketing Cloud  Email, mobile, social, & website marketing      Salesforce1 Platform  Cloud application development      Salesforce Communities  Connect customers, partners, and employees      Pardot  B2B marketing automation      Work.com  Sales performance management           Editions & Pricing      Small Business Solutions         Community       Customer Community      Developer Community      Partner Community      AppExchange Marketplace         Industries       Overview      Financial Services      Health Care      Life Sciences      Communications      Retail      Media      Public Sector      Automotive      Higher Ed      Nonprofit         Services       Support      Customer Support      Partner Support          Training      Training Options      Certifications          Consulting      Salesforce Services      Find a Partner      Find a Developer         Customers       Customer Success Stories         Events       Overview      Dreamforce      Developer Events      Webinars      Event Videos         About Us       Overview      Awards      Blogs      Careers      Leadership      Press and News      Investor Information      Global Offices      Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Trust      Legal Information                          Job Title:   Lead Systems Engineer - Big Data     Job Category:   Technology - Infrastructure Engineering     Location:   US - California - San Francisco (HQ)     SF-Y:   Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.        Share  |      | Email this job        Systems Engineer - Big Data Services  Are you a systems engineer with the passion to build reliable, scalable infrastructure in datacenters across the globe? Do you love devops and want to work on automation? We are looking for you! Role: At Salesforce we are scaling big data infrastructure, which stores petabytes of data and processes millions of requests across clusters ranging thousands of nodes. Our big data infrastructure powers the storage and analytical needs of various customer-facing and internal use cases in Salesforce. In this role,  You will use your systems engineering skills to develop, optimize and operate the tools and processes that power the bigdata infrastructure. You are the Service Owner operating Bigdata-as-a-service for all of Salesforce consisting of open-source technologies including Hadoop, HBase, Spark, Yarn, Hive and Zookeeper. You will get a chance to understand how things work with a large-scale production infrastructure with tons of servers across numerous datacenters. You will drive the automation efforts in Shell/Python/Ruby/Java to eliminate manual work involved in building clusters, performing releases and other operational work. You will develop plugins to monitor applications and implement self-healing mechanisms to auto-recover from outages. You will write Puppet Manifests and Jenkins jobs to build, configure and tune systems for performance. Perform various bigdata administration activities like running jobs and migrating data. You will get a chance to improve your communication and collaboration skills working with various other Infrastructure teams across Salesforce. You will be interacting with a highly innovative and creative team of developers, open-source committers and architects. You will evaluate new technologies to solve problems as needed, and also play a significant role in the architectural direction.  Requirements: Following qualities will make you successful at this role,  Strong working experience with Linux Systems Administration and Troubleshooting. Good knowledge of linux internals. Good experience in any of the scripting/programming languages: Shell, Perl, Python, GoLang, Java etc ., Basic knowledge of Networking protocols and components: TCP/IP Stack, Switches, Routers, Load Balancers. Experience or solid interest in maintaining a highly available service on production scale. Experience in any of Puppet, Chef, Ansible or other devops tools. Experience in any of the monitoring tools like Nagios, Graphite, Zabbix etc., Experience working with any of: Java Applications (JVM), Apache, Mysql, PostgreSql, Kerberos, LDAP, Tomcat, Jetty, MongoDB etc., A continuous learner and a critical thinker A team player with great communication skills  Nice to Haves:  Experience in managing large scale web applications in production Experience in working with any of the build tools like Jenkins, ant, maven, git etc., Experience with Docker, Splunk, AWS Knowledge of big data technologies is considered a plus (not mandatory)  Culture: You’ll be joining one of the best companies to work for! We take pride in our Ohana Culture at Salesforce.  We strive to make the world a better place We build delightful products that makes our customers happy We empower people to bring the best out of them. We believe in trust, customer success, innovation, giving back, equality for all, wellness, transparency and fun  Company Overview Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” five years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y       Would you like to apply to this job?  Apply for the Lead Systems Engineer - Big Data position                       Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. EEO - It's the law .    Accessibility – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .     Pay Transparency Policy Statement – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.             Join the #SalesforceOhana Search jobs ›  Follow us                         Careers  Questions? 1-800-667-6389   | Contact                                   Contact   Phone   Phone   Offices                  Contact  Follow us      1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 | Contact  |  Careers                © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.  Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States    Privacy Statement  |  Security Statement  |  Site Map     Rate this page            Select region          Americas   América Latina (Español)  Brasil (Português)  Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States (English)       Europe, Middle East and Africa   España (Español)  Deutschland (Deutsch)  France (Français)  Italia (Italiano)  Nederland (Nederlands)  Sverige (Svenska)  United Kingdom (English)  All other countries (English)       Asia Pacific   Australia (English)  India (English)  日本 (日本語)  한국 (한국어)  中国 (简体中文)  台灣 (繁體中文)  All other countries (English)                                  Live Chat              Live Chat                January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat                                                  Today                      Games  Blog  Shop                            Forums  Support  Jobs     USA    2k Family           Blog  Forums    Australia  Italy  S Korea  Taiwan  France  Japan  South East Asia  UK  Germany  Netherlands  Spain     2K Czech  2K China  Irrational Games  2K Marin  2K Vegas  Firaxis Games  2K Australia  Catdaddy Games  Visual Concepts  Take-2-Interactive        Work at 2K   Overview  Search Openings  FAQ  Benefits & Perks  Search by Studio                New Candidates                   Have you applied with us before?    Log in here using your email and password.              Previous Applicants:    Email:     Password:      If you do not remember your password click here .     DevOps Engineer    Location:  Visual Concepts (Novato, CA)    Job Code:  1871     Description  DEVOPS ENGINEER  Visual Concepts is one of the world’s top game development studios with a flat, entrepreneurial, and non-corporate work environment. We have a proven track record having shipped over 100 multi-SKU titles to great critical acclaim.  NBA 2K18 , released on September 19, continues to redefine the genre with GamesRadar stating “ My Career’s jump to an open-world setting throws a new gauntlet down to the rest of sports gaming.” Forbes raves “…with its ambitious new additions, refined gameplay, and a truckload of options, there's no question, it's still the best in the world.”      Our studios in Novato, CA; Orange County, CA; Shanghai, China; and Seoul, South Korea, are committed to gaming and technical innovation and offer top candidates the opportunity to learn and grow with some of the smartest and most creative minds in the industry.    What are we looking for?  You’re passionate about DevOps and the associated technologies. You’re looking to expand your career by working on a large scale, service infrastructure. As a DevOps Engineer, you will be working with world class engineering and production operations teams to scale up our environment. You’ll develop and maintain tools and practices to support the integration of our backend services. You’ll work closely with various developers in supporting new services as well as being the operations expert and development engineer that launches and maintains our services in a production environment. This is an opportunity to enhance your career in a critical role supporting one of the largest and most successful game franchises.  Requirements:   3+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer working with large scale, online applications  Highly proficient in Python and Shell Script or other scripting languages  Experience with Linux systems administration  Proficient in one or more of C++, C#, or Java using object oriented best practices  Experience with deployment systems including Puppet  Experience with automation/build tools like Team City, Jenkins, Bamboo, and Maven  Experience with version control systems (git, Perforce)  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and experience  Able to work flexible hours including weekends or off-hours   Desired Skills:   Proficient in database management (Mysql, Redis)  Experience with Mongo, Cassandra, Vertica  Experience with building tools and APIs (F5, Cisco, AWS)  Knowledge of security mechanisms, such as SSL/TLS, IP-Sec, PKI, RSA/AES  Knowledge of networking architecture  Knowledge of network and application protocols, such as UDP, TCP, ICMP, HTTP, HTTPS       Back to Search Results    New Search                Newsletter  About Us  Privacy Policy  Terms of Service Safe Harbor Privacy    Connect with us         Copyright Â©2013 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc  Trademarks belong to their respective owners.  All rights reserved.                        Sign in  Candidate registration          Candidate registration        Login  Forgot password        Forgot password       Sign in  Candidate registration                           QUESTIONS?  1-800-667-6389        Contact Us               Login              Products              Products Overview       Pricing         SELL FASTER AND SMARTER       Salesforce Lightning   Help reps sell the way they want, faster.           Learn how         Meet Salesforce Einstein   Introducing artificial intelligence for everyone in your business.           Learn more                                 SALES       Sales Cloud   Sales force automation and CRM        SalesforceIQ   The smart, simple CRM to grow your business        Salesforce Quote-to-Cash   Configure, price, quote (CPQ) and billing automation        Data.com   B2B prospecting and data cleansing        INDUSTRIES       Financial Services Cloud   CRM for banking, insurance, wealth management, and more        Health Cloud   CRM for managing patient relationships        COMMERCE       Commerce Cloud   Digital commerce, point of sale, and order management         SERVICE       Service Cloud   Fully customizable support and help desk        Desk.com   All-in-one customer support for small business        ANALYTICS       Analytics Cloud   Business analytics on any data, any device        Wave Apps   Apps that drive sales insight and customer delight        COMMUNITY       Community Cloud   Connect customers, partners, and employees        Chatter   Enterprise social network         MARKETING       Marketing Cloud   Digital marketing platform        Pardot   B2B marketing automation        Krux   Data management platform        PLATFORM AND APPS       App Cloud   The #1 platform as a service        AppExchange   App, component, and consultant marketplace        Force.com   Lightning apps for everyone        Heroku Enterprise   Scalable apps for developers        INTERNET OF THINGS       IOT Cloud   Platform to connect the internet of things with your CRM                                   Solutions              BY ROLE       Sales       Service       Marketing       IT       BY BUSINESS TYPE       Small Business       Nonprofit       Startups        BY NEED       Lightning       Artificial Intelligence       Mobility       Productivity        BY INDUSTRY       Overview       Industries Overview       Financial Services       Healthcare & Life Sciences       Retail       Manufacturing       Communications       Media       Government       Automotive       Higher Education       Nonprofit                   Services              SERVICES OVERVIEW       Overview       Which services are right for you?       SUCCESS PLANS       What are Success Plans?       Features       Compare Plans        STRATEGIC SERVICES       What are Strategic Services?       Marketing Cloud Services       Advisory Services       Strategic Projects       Experience Design       Innovation & Transformation Center       SALESFORCE UNIVERSITY       Overview       Training by role       Training by cloud       Certifications                   Support              GET SUPPORT       Overview        Get Support        Contact Support        Support Self Service       FIND HELP       Overview        Find Help        Browse Knowledge        Documentation        Training       Trailhead        SUPPORT FROM THE INDUSTRY       Customer Community        Developer Community        Partner Community        AppExchange Marketplace         TOP QUESTIONS       How do I reset my password without the answer to my security question?        Insufficient Privileges Errors        Formula Operators and Functions Overview        Salesforce for Outlook Sync       Troubleshooting Workflow                   Events              EVENTS       Overview       Events Overview       Dreamforce 2016        Developer Events        Webinars       Salesforce LIVE            SALESFORCE LIVE            Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.                           Customers              CUSTOMER STORIES       Small Business       Enterprise            FEATURED STORY            See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.                           About Us              CORPORATE       Our Story       What is Salesforce?       Press       Analyst Reports       Investor Relations       Careers       Trust        Salesforce.org        Equality       Sustainability       Ventures       Leadership       Global Offices       Legal       Public Policy        INSPIRATION       Salesforce LIVE       Salesforce Blog        HIGHLIGHTS       Quarterly Video                      Try for Free          Try for Free                        Login        Products    Products Overview    Pricing    Sales Cloud    SalesforceIQ    Salesforce Quote-to-Cash    Data.com    Financial Services Cloud    Health Cloud    Commerce Cloud    Service Cloud    Desk.com    Analytics Cloud    Wave Apps    Community Cloud    Chatter    Marketing Cloud    Pardot    Krux    App Cloud    AppExchange    Force.com    Heroku Enterprise    IOT Cloud      Solutions    Sales    Service    Marketing    IT    Small Business    Nonprofit    Startups    Lightning    Artificial Intelligence    Mobility    Productivity    Industries Overview    Financial Services    Healthcare & Life Sciences    Retail    Manufacturing    Communications    Media    Government    Automotive    Higher Education      Services    Which services are right for you?    Features    Compare Plans    Marketing Cloud Services    Advisory Services    Strategic Projects    Experience Design    Innovation & Transformation Center    Training by role    Training by cloud    Certifications      Support    Get Support    Contact Support    Support Self Service    Overview    Find Help    Browse Knowledge    Documentation    Training    Trailhead    Customer Community    Developer Community    Partner Community    AppExchange Marketplace      Events    Events Overview    Dreamforce 2016    Developer Events    Webinars    Salesforce LIVE    Watch Dreamforce events whenever you want.      Customers    Small Business    Enterprise    See how Schneider Electric’s global team delivers one seamless customer experience.      About Us    Our Story    What is Salesforce?    Press    Analyst Reports    Investor Relations    Careers    Trust    Salesforce.org    Equality    Sustainability    Ventures    Leadership    Global Offices    Legal    Public Policy    Salesforce LIVE    Salesforce Blog    Quarterly Video                             Careers     ‹  Back to Careers Home                        What:           Where:               Advanced search       Release Manager        Share              Show me jobs like this one       Category:  Technology - Technology Program Management   Location:  US - California - San Francisco (HQ)   Post Date: 09/27/2017   Release Manager Location: San Francisco, CA About the Challenge: As a Software Release Manager at Salesforce you are responsible for the continuous delivery of application releases supporting mission critical services used by the world's largest enterprises. You leverage product management practices to define and program management practices to lead innovative initiatives focused on customer experience, scalability, continuous delivery and team development. You use agile methodologies to plan, coordinate, and lead deployments of major product releases, weekly patches, and daily changes in a SaaS environment. You are a Multiplier, and constantly look for ways to make other teams successful. You understand that the success and productivity of the hundreds of scrum teams you interact with is critical to enabling continuous change. You combine customer empathy and your passion for moving fast to deliver frequent, high quality releases that benefit our customers and partners and motivate our engineers. About the Team: Salesforce's Release Management Team is a collaborative, fast-moving group thriving in a diverse culture of rapid delivery, [r]evolution, and innovation. Our top priority is to ensure a great customer experience as we release a constant flow of change across our products and infrastructure. Release Managers are motivated, adventurous, bold, and invested in disrupting internal process while preserving customer trust. About the Expectations: You are a bold leader who is visionary, makes data-informed decisions, takes smart risks and is effective at influencing all levels of stakeholders. You are able to communicate clearly to everyone from Executives to individual contributors. You have experience working in Agile environments. You love customers and partners. Bonus points if you are familiar with DevOps best practices and/or have experience managing B2B or B2C Cloud Application releases. You seek opportunities to be mentored and to mentor others. You have an insatiable desire to learn, and you leverage the analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills that you learned through your bachelor's degree in CS, Business, or another interesting field to lead cross-functional teams and deliver [r]evolutionary solutions. We encourage you to be courageous and ask questions, promote new ideas, and leverage data to challenge existing assumptions. Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes's "World's Most Innovative Company" five years in a row and one of Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For" eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y                          Follow us                 Action    Apply   Print  Email a friend          Popular locations: US - California - San Francisco (HQ)  (417) | UK - London  (79) | Ireland - Dublin  (78) | US - Indiana - Indianapolis  (78) | US - New York - New York  (76)  Popular categories: Sales - Account Executive  (366) | Technology - Software Development  (130) | Solution Engineering  (98) | Customer Success – Professional Services  (77) | Technology - Infrastructure Engineering  (68)    Home  About us  Job search  Privacy policy  Security Statement  All Rights Reserved  Mobile version                        CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389         New to Salesforce?         Why Salesforce      Help Desk Software      Marketing Automation Software      Explore all products      What is cloud computing      Customer success      Product pricing      Subscribe to Salesforce         About Salesforce         Our story      Press      Blog       Careers      Trust       Salesforce.org      Sustainability      Investors          Popular Links         New release features      Salesforce1 Mobile App      AppExchange       Dreamforce       CRM software      Salesforce LIVE      Salesforce for startups              CALL US AT  1-800-667-6389                 * From FORTUNE ® Magazine, March 15, 2017 © 2017 Time Inc. FORTUNE and 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks and are used under License. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Salesforce.                      Americas         América Latina (Español)      Brasil (Português)      Canada (English)      Canada (Français)      United States (English)         Europe, Middle East, and Africa         España (Español)      Deutschland (Deutsch)      France (Français)      Italia (Italiano)      Nederland (Nederlands)      Sverige (Svenska)      United Kingdom (English)      All other countries (English)         Asia Pacific         Australia (English)      India (English)      日本 (日本語)      한국 (한국어)      中国 (简体中文)      台灣 (繁體中文)      All other countries (English)             WORLDWIDE          Terms of Service   Privacy   Responsible Disclosure   Trust   Contact      © Copyright 2017 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States                                              Toggle navigation               Tech Careers     Job Search  Skills Center  Dice Careers Mobile     Career Explorer     Salary Predictor  Career Paths  Career Toolkit Articles      Insights    Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register      Post Jobs  Talent Solutions  Login/Register                             job title, skills, keywords or company name       zip code, city or state        Advanced Search      Full-Time     Part-Time     Contracts     Third Party            ×  What does selecting Third Party mean?       Selecting Third Party means you are a recruiter or staffing agency representing a tech professional to apply for Contract Corp-to-Corp and/or Contract-to-Hire Corp-to-Corp jobs.  If you are a tech professional who wants to directly apply for jobs, do NOT select Third Party.    Close             Home / Search / Job Details            DevOps Engineer    Rose IT Corp. ,   San Francisco, CA               Posted 8 hours ago          Apply Now      Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate          Apply Now      Create Alert        Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate           Create Alert            Toggle
					Dropdown      Email                  Reported   Report a poor listing    ☆☆☆ Rated    ☆☆☆ Rate             Reported   Report a poor listing               Report       Select one of the choices below and input Explanation.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Misrepresented job    Pays below market level    Not a real job    Position no longer available    Other      Please Provide an Explanation (400 character limit)          Cancel  Submit             Rate       Select one of the choices below.  Seems Resource already exists.  Sorry! Unable to process, Please try again later.   Positive    Neutral    Negative         Cancel  Submit              ×  Create an Email Alert         Title: DevOps Engineer    Edit     Skill: Linux,jenkins,git ansible,scripting  -- Immediate interview    San Francisco, CA         Title    Please enter a title and/or skill.    Done         Skill    Please enter a skill.         Location    Please enter a location.           Email     Please enter a valid email (email@domain.com).    Create Alert                                     Linux , jenkins ,git ansible , scripting  -- Immediate interview          Full Time, Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2, C2H Corp-To-Corp, C2H Independent, C2H W2, Part Time            Depends On Experience            Telecommuting available  Travel not required       Job Description   Title: DevOps Engineer Location: Atlanta Experience: 1-5 years  Job Description: Candidate will be working in a multitasking, high tech environment. Candidate must be comfortable working in fast moving projects and manage delivering the modules on deadlines.  Technical Requirement:  Perform builds, deployments, environment set up, source control, build sanity testing. Experience working with DevOps tool, Jenkins is a plus Strong background in Linux/Unix Administration Experience with automation/configuration management using either Puppet, Chef or an equivalent Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services (experience with AWS is required) Strong experience with SQL / MySQL / NoSQL Working understanding of code and script (PHP, Python, Perl and/or Ruby) Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available system (Active -Active / Zero Downtime Systems)  Non Technical Requirement:  Strong written and verbal communication skills. Hard working and must be available to work in a team environment as well as independently. Must have strong hold on technical skills. Self starter attitude. Excellent problem solving skills. Ability to multitask and quick learning.  Experience with the following technologies Ansible Git AWS terraform Jenkins Git Linux scripting knowledge       Apply Now    Save this job               Rose IT Corp.,     Dice Id : 90942382    Position Id : 033333      Have a Job? Post it      Similar Positions   DevOps Engineer   Encore Software Services  San Francisco, CA     Sr. Devops Engineer   Xoriant Corporation  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Elevano  San Francisco, CA     View more jobs like this    DevOPs Infrastructure Engineer   Ngusoft Inc  Redwood City, CA     DevOps Engineer 3   Asurion LLC  San Mateo, CA     DevOps Engineer, (Cloud, Azure)   Grid Dynamics International, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Net2Source Inc.  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   VDart, Inc.  San Francisco, CA     Need Devops Engineer with Kubernetes   ENTMatrix  San Francisco, CA     Senior DevOps Engineer   Avesta Computer Services  San Francisco, CA     DevOps Engineer   Etouch Systems Corp  Fremont, CA     Devops Engineer- Azure   Xconic  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Engineer   People Tech Group  Pleasanton, CA     DevOps Engineer   Bay Area Techworkers  San Ramon, CA     DevOps Cloud   DCM Data Systems  San Ramon, CA     View less jobs like this                                 ×  Email this Job             Your Name            Recipient's Email         Message        * Privacy Policy      Send Email              ×  Easy Apply       DevOps Engineer  Rose IT Corp. | San Francisco, CA      Sign In    Email and/or password incorrect. Please try again or contact customer service at 888-321-DICE (3423).    Email     Please enter a valid email.     Password     8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.      Forgot Password?    Sign In    Forgot Password?      Don't have an account? Register                         Easy Apply  Step 1 of 3  ×        DevOps Engineer  Rose IT Corp. | San Francisco, CA             Name       Your first name is required      Your last name is required        Résumé       Select a Résumé        Loading       Choose one Résumé  Manage your Résumé at Dice.com     Upload a  Résumé           Your Résumé is required.  We support .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt, .rtf, up to 2MB        Cover Letter  (optional)      Select a cover letter       Loading       Choose one cover letter  Manage your Cover Letter at Dice.com     Compose a cover letter           You Are ...     Applying for yourself     A third party (recruiting agency, consultancy, etc.)    Please choose one of the above options         What other type of jobs are you most interested in?       Select Employment Type         Full-Time  Part-Time  Contracts   Contract - Independent  Contract - W2  C2H Independent  C2H W2   Third Party   Contract - Corp-to-Corp  Contract to Hire - Corp-to-Corp     Choose Employment Type             Select Work Authorization       US Citizen  Canadian Citizen  Green Card Holder  Need H1 Visa  Have H1 Visa  Employment Auth. Document  TN Permit Holder     Choose Work Authorization        Captcha          Incorrect please try again   Type the text:  Enter the numbers you hear:     Get another CAPTCHA  Get an audio CAPTCHA               Captcha            * Privacy Policy       Continue  Apply Now              Easy Apply  Step 2 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required                    * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Continue  Back              Easy Apply  Step 3 of 3  ×      Questionnaire  *All fields are required       * Privacy Policy      Apply Now  Back             ×  Application Submitted      Thanks for applying for the position of DevOps Engineer with Rose IT Corp. through Dice.       Check Out Similar Opportunities       View More Positions          Close                 ×  Your application has been submitted         DevOps Engineer  Rose IT Corp.         Elevate your job application by verifying your proficiency in .                           Dice    Learn About Dice    About Us  Company Profile    Contact Sales  Social Recruiting  Work at Dice  Privacy Policy  Contact Us      Dice Services    The Dice Report  Open Web  Browse Jobs  Skills Center      Dice Sites     Dice DE  Dice SAP  Dice UK      Dice Everywhere    Twitter  Facebook  Google Plus  App Store  Google Play         Copyright ©1990 - 2017 Dice. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions .  Dice is a DHI Service               Sign In To Use This Feature        Email      Please enter a valid email.      Password      8 character minimum with at least 1 number and 1 letter.       Forgot Password?     Sign In      Forgot Password?                Don't have an account? Register              ×     Cookies on Dice    WHAT ARE COOKIES?   A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we
				store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you
				agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your
				computer's hard drive.   WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DO WE USE?   We use two types of cookies on our website:  'Session Cookies' These are temporary cookies,
				which only exist in the period you access the website (or more
				strictly, until you close the browser after accessing the website).
				Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the
				previous page, therefore avoiding having to re-enter information. On
				our website, these cookies do not contain personal information, and
				cannot be used to identify you.  'Persistent Cookies' These are cookies remain on
				your device after you have visited our website. These cookies help
				us to identify you as a unique visitor (by storing a randomly
				generated number).   WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?   To tailor our website so that it meets your specific
				needs, we use different technologies, including cookies, which allow
				us to distinguish you from other users of our website.  We use cookies: To recognise and count the number of
				visitors and pages or various parts of a page they have visited on
				our site;To see how visitors move around the site when they are
				using it, for example, we use Google Analytics, a popular web
				analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses
				cookies to help us to analyse how visitors use our site. This helps
				us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring
				that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily. Find our
				more about how these cookies are used on Google's Privacy site. To improve and monitor the advertisement we offer to
				our visitors. We also use Google's DoubleClick, which is one of the
				worlds leading provider for ad management and ad serving solutions.
				Like most websites and search engines, Google uses cookies in order
				to provide a better user experience and to serve relevant ads. Find
				out more about how these cookies are used click here . To
				present our visitors with the most appropriate advertising banners
				and content, based on our visitor's interest and activity, we, for
				example use Yahoo! Search Marketing, search marketing tool of Yahoo!
				(including Overture Search Services (Ireland) Limited). On behalf of
				Dice Careers Limited, Yahoo! Search Marketing will use this
				information to help us monitor the performance of our online
				marketing campaigns. For more information about how Yahoo! uses
				information supplied on Yahoo! Advertising Solutions web sites,
				please read the Yahoo! Advertising Solutions Privacy Policy . In summary, by using cookies we are able to improve your experience
				when you browse our website and enable us to continually improve our
				site and our services for you. Our cookies have been set in our
				browser and we will assume you are ok with them via your continuous
				use of our website. You can disable certain cookies as set out
				below. If you disable these cookies we cannot guarantee how the site
				will perform for you.   MANAGING YOUR COOKIES   Enabling cookies will ensure you receive the optimum user
				experience from our website.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
				deactivate this function at any time and set your browser to notify
				you whenever a cookie is sent. You can use your browser settings to
				block all or some cookies. Please note that if you do block all
				cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  Amending your cookie settings is different in different
				browsers, for ease, we've included instructions on amending your
				settings in the most popular browsers below:   OPT-OUT FROM GOOGLE'S DOUBLECLICK   Anyone who prefers not use Google's DoubleClick cookie can
				opt out. This opt-out will be specific only to the browser that you
				are using when you click the "Opt out"
				button.http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ads/   OPT-OUT YAHOO! SEARCH MARKETING   If you choose, you may opt-out from Yahoo! Search
				Marketing using information collected with web beacons and cookies
				outside of the Yahoo! network of web sites. Cookies will need to be
				enabled for the opt-out to function.  Note: This opt-out applies to a specific browser rather
				than a specific user. Therefore you will need to opt-out separately
				from each computer or browser that you use. Additionally, the
				opt-out only applies to cookies used by perf.overture.com and not
				all cookies set by overture.com.  How to check cookies are enabled on windows platforms  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 1.
				Select 'Tools' from the top menu of your browser and then select
				'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab 2. Ensure that
				your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable
				cookies in your browser 3. Settings above Medium will disable
				cookies  Mozilla Firefox 1. Select 'Tools' from the top
				menu of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Then select the
				Privacy icon 3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set
				cookies'  Google Chrome 1. Select 'Tools' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Options' 2. Click the 'Under the
				Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content
				settings' button 3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'  Safari 1. Select the cog icon' from the top menu
				of your browser and then select 'Preferences' 2. Select 'Security
				and, check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising
				cookies' 3. Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for apple
				platforms Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX 1. Select
				'Explorer' from the top menu of your browser and select
				'Preferences' options 2 Scroll to the 'Cookies' option under
				Receiving Files 2. Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX 1. Select 'Safari' from the top
				menu of your browser and select the 'Preferences' option 2. Click on
				'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3. Select the 'Only from site you
				navigate to'     Close  I Accept                You're browsing Dice UK     You are a registered Dice member on a different regional site. To offer you the best localized experience, please create a new account to apply for jobs in this region. Alternatively, you can continue with your existing account on the site you originally registered on.      Continue to Dice UK    Return to Dice US    Skip                                        ×    It's a little rough around the edges. If you find things we could do better, let us know at newdicesupport@dice.com or give us a call at 888-321-DICE (3423)   Continue with the new site            US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1B candidates. Please No Consultants, Full time experience ONLY. My client a successful and well-known company that is the silent partner and driving force for the applications we use today is looking for a Senior Software Architect to join their fast-growing operation in San Fran. To tell you about the company, they are taking the world by storm. Some of the largest companies and the most popular applications are their clients and their invisible service is what keeps them and us online. This startup, less than a decade old has crushed their competition and continue to grow larger each day. They have over 2000 customers worldwide connecting over 300 million devices. Some clients of their clients include Lyft, Yahoo!, Adobe, HubSpot!, CBS, Yelp and more. In this position, you would be working with a small team, that it is looking to rapidly expand in size in the next year. As a main contributor on infrastructure, development and architecture you will have the opportunity to shape their product and freedom to help lead them to an even higher level of success. As an Architect, you would be directly responsible for championing design, design patterns, software and technologies; adopting and adapting frameworks and services used and/or needed by the current system and forward-looking roadmap. Specifically, your tech stack will include Python, C, Go, Varnish, Docker, Kubernetes, Cassandra, MongoDB, Reddis, NoSQL for caching, Cloud Formation, EC2, S3, ElasticSearch, DynamoDB, Terraform, Docker, Mesos, RDS and we are Linux based. They ae using mostly AWS but a little Google Cloud as well. The salary and benefits for this position is very competitive up to $180K depending on experience (if you are making more don’t count yourself out we will make it work). This opportunity also includes a very generous Equity package . My client believes in compensating their employees for their hard work by making sure you are appreciated not only financially but also on all levels within your career. As an employee at this company you are a key member of the team, and will have input from day 1. This company believes in elevating their employees and that’s why their engineers are so happy today =) Your workplace locale will be a clean, new office, located centrally in SoMA District. Our office provides you a trendy and accommodating environment. The office is an open floor plan giving everyone the opportunity to work together. There is a “Hackathon” space with a ping pong table and beer keg. This is also where all events take place. They enjoy hosting monthly events and meetups. What I love most about this company is their management team and culture. The CEO/ Founder has an open-door policy. Whatever is on you mind you can take it to him. They believe in career growth, learning, taking risks. If you want to jump on a second project, if you want to learn something new, this management team will support you in your decision. What sweetens the pot is your fellow colleagues will be just as friendly and just as supportive. This isn’t just a tech company, this is a family. In regards to how you start the day the team is usually in the office by 10 am. The dress code is super causal including jeans, t-shirts, something simple. You will have a fully stocked kitchen and three catered lunches buffet style each week. They have a whiteboard in the kitchen if you have a request write it down, they will make sure to buy your favorite snacks. Your benefits are all top of the line including numerous health care options up to 100% employer paid health. The companies you can choose from are Aetna, Kaiser and Blue Cross Blue Shield. The Dental insurance is under Delta and vision under VSP. They have a transportation benefit package. They offer a free gym membership to Crunch gym where most of the team goes. If you choose to go somewhere else you will receive $60 towards your gym membership each month. Each quarter the company with host a quarterly company event. What that means it’s time for some fun. They have taken rafting trips, camping trips, rented out theme parks, wen to sporting events, had cookouts and the list goes on. Not only will you love your position but you will love your team. My client is and has been profitable since inception and grows to be more successful each day. In regards to company size, it is still a pretty small team and looking to double in size over the next year. Currently there are three separate teams. The first team is the Core team that is the company’s backbone. This consists of six software architects and one DevOps. The second team does more of backend services. They have six engineers and one DevOps engineer. Our final team is the full stack team is made up of seven engineering and one DevOps engineer. Lastly, there are two engineering managers, an engineering director and the CTO. That sums up engineering. I’m sure you’re wondering about the tech stack used here. The front-end is written in Angular.JS and React.JS. The back-end is a combination of Python and C. Node distributed systems. The databases used are NoSQL Databases including Cassandra and MongoDB. They are Linux based and use AWS for majority of their cloud services, they use a little Azzure and Google cloud too. Some of the data tools include Kafka, Spark and more. DevOps is using Redis, ElasticSearch, RDS, Cloudformation, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes and Mesos. To go a little further, this engineering environment is agile. The team is doing TDD (test driven development) and they use continuous integration continuous deployment. Are you ready to be a part of a world class team making history… if so apply now =) Required Skills: Bachelors of Computer Science Degree Expert knowledge of Cloud Computing Architectures 5+ years experience designing and developing server components and APIs Strong programming and design pattern fundamentals Deep expertise with Python and/ or C Expert knowledge of networking concepts, network protocols and security Hands-on experience with: Micro service architecture Data framework and databases Messaging systems Could systems Continuous integration/ Continuous deployment Desire product ownership and a need to progress professionally Experience with massively scaling Python and C based components. Pluses: Leadership experience Entrepreneurial spirit Worked in a fast-paced organization Fast paced Startup experience The Offer: Competitive Salary: up to $180k, DOE Options Employee paid health plans (HMO or PPO) Fast Paced, long term growth Paid vacation Competitive raise structure US Citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1b candidates. Job Type: Full-time Job Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA Required education: Bachelor's Required experience: Cloud Computing Architectures: 5 years Micro service architecture, databases, CI/CD: 5 years            